God Is Good

NAHUM 1:7 NIV
7 The LORD is good, a refuge in times of trouble. He cares for
those who trust in him,

God is not a bad guy. He is not against you. God is not your
problem. He is the answer to your problems.

The Bible reveals who is responsible for all the bad things
that happen -- and it is not God! God is not guilty!

DEUTERONOMY 32:4 NLT
4 He is the Rock; his deeds are perfect. Everything he does is
just and fair. He is a faithful God who does no wrong; how just
and upright he is!

God has never done anything unfair or unjust. Everything He
does is perfect!

LUKE 6:35 NLT
35 "Love your enemies! ... and you will truly be acting as
children of the Most High, for he is kind to those who are
unthankful and wicked.

According to Jesus, God even shows love to His enemies!

PSALM 145:8-9 NLT
8 The LORD is merciful and compassionate, slow to get angry and
filled with unfailing love.
9 The LORD is good to everyone. He showers compassion on all
his creation.

God is kind and merciful, gracious and generous. He desires the
best for everyone. Every good thing we have or enjoy is because
of God and His love.

JAMES 1:17 NLT
17 Whatever is good and perfect comes down to us from God our
Father, who created all the lights in the heavens. He never
changes or casts a shifting shadow.

1 JOHN 4:8 NLT
8 But anyone who does not love does not know God, for God is
love.

God is love, and love is defined by giving. God puts the
interests of others first. He is not selfish. He is willing to
suffer so you will not have to suffer.

If you want to know what God is like -- look at Jesus Christ.
He perfectly revealed God to us.

JOHN 1:18 NLT
18 No one has ever seen God. But the unique One, who is himself
God, is near to the Father's heart. He has revealed God to us.

PSALM 86:5 NLT
5 O Lord, you are so good, so ready to forgive, so full of
unfailing love for all who ask for your help.

JEREMIAH 9:24 NIV
24 but let the one who boasts boast about this: that they have
the understanding to know me, that I am the LORD, who exercises
kindness, justice and righteousness on earth, for in these I
delight," declares the LORD.

EXODUS 34:6 NLT
6 The LORD passed in front of Moses, calling out, "Yahweh! The
LORD! The God of compassion and mercy! I am slow to anger and
filled with unfailing love and faithfulness.

PSALM 107:1 NLT
1 Give thanks to the LORD, for he is good! His faithful love
endures forever.

SAY THIS: How wonderful it is to know that God is good!