Die Right

NUMBERS 23:10b KJV
10 Let me die the death of the righteous, and let my last end
be like his!

How we face death is an important part of life. It is important
to die right.

It bothers me to see those who claim to believe in Jesus Christ
acting like they are afraid to die and go to Heaven.

I am not afraid to die. I look forward to it. It will be
wonderful to be with Jesus in Heaven, after my job here is
finished.

It bothers me to see people who have already lived a full life
spend a fortune trying to prolong their life on earth, like
they have no hope of Heaven.

How can we expect the world to believe, if we don't act like we
believe?

Your death is part of your testimony. If you approach death
like those who have no hope, it is a bad testimony.

PROVERBS 14:32 KJV
32 The wicked is driven away in his wickedness: but the
righteous hath hope in his death.

Too many "Christians" act like there is no Heaven when it comes
time to die. For a true believer in Jesus Christ, nothing could
be better than to go be with our wonderful Lord Jesus Christ.

PHILIPPIANS 1:21 KJV
21 For to me to live is Christ, and to die is gain.

Should we leave this life kicking, screaming and dragging our
feet -- if we believe we are going to Heaven to be with Jesus?

Although we pass through death to leave this sin-infested
planet, it will not hurt us. Jesus defeated death for us and
removed death's sting so it cannot hurt us. We need have no
fear of death. Death cannot harm a believer!

We don't have a choice whether we will die, but we have a
choice about the manner in which we die.

I desire that Christ may be glorified, not only in my life, but
also in my death.

The best ways to die are to either die as a witness for Jesus
Christ, a martyr, or to die a natural death in old age, after
living a full life of victory.

I am not advocating giving in easily to death before it is
time. But we all must eventually face death, so when the time
comes, let us face it without fear.

ECCLESIASTES 3:2 KJV
2 A time to be born, and a time to die; a time to plant, and a
time to pluck up that which is planted;

There is a time to die, a time when it is best. A time when you
have finished your course on earth, and you are ready to go be
with Jesus. Until then, you should resist death. But you should
NEVER fear death.

Plan and purpose that your death (as well as your life) will
bring glory to God. Pray that your home-going will be glorious
and point people toward faith in Jesus Christ.

SAY THIS: I am not afraid to die. I will die right and leave a
good testimony.