No Poor Among You

DEUTERONOMY 15:4 NLT
4 "There should be no poor among you, for the LORD your God
will greatly bless you in the land he is giving you as a
special possession.

The Word of God states there should be no poor among us.

"But wait preacher," someone might say, "that was written to
the Jews under the Old Covenant."

Yes! And we have a better covenant!

HEBREWS 8:6 NLT
6 But now Jesus, our High Priest, has been given a ministry
that is far superior to the old priesthood, for he is the one
who mediates for us a far better covenant with God, based on
better promises.

Some people seem determined to reject Good News from God, so
they say, "Our covenant is only better because of spiritual
blessings, not financial blessings, which were just for the Old
Testament saints."

Really? Where does it say that in the Bible? I have never seen
it.

No! The Bible is written to mankind -- in our language -- so we
can understand God's message. When the Bible says we have a
covenant that is far better, it has to include every blessing
from the Old Covenant as well as additional blessings. And it
does!

2 CORINTHIANS 1:20 NKJ
20 For all the promises of God in Him are Yes, and in Him Amen,
to the glory of God through us.

Every promise -- old or new testament -- is yes in Christ.

EPHESIANS 1:3 NJB
3 Blessed be God the Father of our Lord Jesus Christ, who has
blessed us with all the spiritual blessings of heaven in
Christ.

While God's blessing may be in spiritual form, as we
appropriate it by faith it will be manifest physically on
earth.

EPHESIANS 1:3 LAUBACH
3 I praise God the Father of our Lord Jesus Christ because He
sent Christ to bless us. And Christ has blessed us with
heaven's every blessing.

One translation of this verse says "has blessed us with every
blessing that Heaven itself enjoys." The idea is that God gave
His best -- without holding back any good thing from us.

ROMANS 8:32 NKJ
32 He who did not spare His own Son, but delivered Him up for
us all, how shall He not with Him also freely give us all
things?

God gave His best when He gave us Jesus. What does God's best
cover? Everything!

2 PETER 1:3 NLT
3 By his divine power, God has given us everything we need for
living a godly life. We have received all of this by coming to
know him, the one who called us to himself by means of his
marvelous glory and excellence.

Do you realize what it means to live a godly life? A god-like
life! Can a life marked by lack and poverty be described as
god-like? Do you really think the Creator God lives in poverty
and lack?

(Being rich certainly does not mean you are spiritual or godly 
in every way. I am simply saying that God is good and desires 
for all people to have their needs met abundantly.)

According to Scripture, God HAS already given us everything we
need so we can live a godly life. Certainly, that cannot mean
starve or be homeless.

Do you really believe it is God's will for any of His children
who love Him to be poor and lack basic necessities? If you do,
you don't know God very well.

Then why are so many believers struggling with so many unmet
needs? There may be many reasons, but the primary one is not
knowing the will of God in the matter.

If we don't know God's will, we can't have faith. Without
faith, we will not receive God's blessing.

(If you are poor, be encouraged. God loves you and desires good
for you. Begin to expect it and thank God for it.)

SAY THIS: God's plan and provision is that there be no poor
among His children.