How To Minister Healing

Every believer in Jesus has authority to cast out devils and
heal the sick.

MARK 16:17-18 NLT
17 These miraculous signs will accompany those who believe:
They will cast out demons in my name, and they will speak in
new languages.
18 They will be able to handle snakes with safety, and if they
drink anything poisonous, it won't hurt them. They will be able
to place their hands on the sick, and they will be healed."

Never try to prove you can handle snakes or drink poison
without harm. The context of this Scripture is about believers
going into all the world to proclaim the Good News of Jesus. As
we do that, God's promise is that nothing can stop us, not
demons, dangerous animals, or dangerous food and water. Paul
shaking off the deadly snake without harm in Acts 28:3-6 is an
example of applying this passage correctly. Then verse 8 is an
example of a believer laying hands on a sick person and healing
them.

JOHN 14:12 NLT
12 "I tell you the truth, anyone who believes in me will do the
same works I have done, and even greater works, because I am
going to be with the Father.

Jesus said those who believe in Him would do the same things He
did. That includes healing the sick.

You could argue with this. But is it really wise to argue with
God? Instead of arguing, we should be asking for more insight
and understanding so we can grow up and do what Jesus said we
would do.

ACTS 10:38 NLT
38 And you know that God anointed Jesus of Nazareth with the
Holy Spirit and with power. Then Jesus went around doing good
and healing all who were oppressed by the devil, for God was
with him.

God is now with you! Around you are many people being oppressed
by the devil. Your job is to set them free!

You will do it in Jesus' Name, which means representing Him. It
is not something difficult, but simple to do.

Speak directly to the demon or sickness and command it to
leave. Then speak directly to the body or body parts and
command them to be healed. If possible, touch the person with
your hands.

For example, take someone by the hands, then boldly say,
"Disease and everything afflicting this person, I command you
to leave now, in Jesus' Name! Body, receive the healing power
of God and be healed now!" Then tell them, "You are free
because Jesus Christ has brought healing to you. Give all
praise to Him. Expect a full recovery." Then tell them to do
something they could not do before, like get up and walk.

Often you will see instant change, but sometimes healing is a
process over a short period of time. Either way, because of the
authority of Jesus Christ which you exercised, the demons and
sickness have no choice but to leave.

SAY THIS: I can, and will, do what Jesus said I can do.