How To Change

ROMANS 12:2a NLT
2 Don't copy the behavior and customs of this world, but let
God transform you into a new person by changing the way you
think.

Many people would like to see change in their life. But how?

To change the way you act, you must first change the way you
think. Because you act like the person you think you are.

But to change your thinking, you will need to focus on
different information.

Our beliefs are the cause of our actions. So to permanently
change behavior, beliefs must be changed.

A belief is a thought you have decided to accept as
truth. You choose your beliefs. Then your beliefs determine
your actions. You always act on what you believe.

As long as you think something is advantageous for you, you
will keep doing it. When you realize something is not
advantageous for you, you will stop it.

You may argue with this, thinking that you sometimes do things
you know are not good for you. But you only do them if you
think you are gaining some benefit from doing them. Usually it
is choosing to receive a near-term benefit in exchange for
longer-term harm.

Why do people do what they do? Because of what they believe.
All people always do what they believe is their best choice at
the time in order to get what they think they want. Always!

People normally do not act contrary to their beliefs, except
under great pressure. But even when forced to do something
against your will, you will only do it if it seems to be the
best thing you can do under those circumstances.

When your beliefs change, your talking and your actions will
also change. Trying to change your actions without first
changing your beliefs will fail because your beliefs govern
your actions.

For example, believing that God loves you instead of being mad
at you will change the way you act. If you believe God loves
you, you will turn to God when you need help. But if you
believe God is mad at you, you will be hesitant to seek God's
help.

Our beliefs may be based on incomplete and inaccurate
information -- in fact they usually are. But our beliefs always
determine our actions.

Humans are like a guided missile, programmed to change course
when new information is presented and accepted.

So the first step for positive change in your life is to get
information that will change the way you think. Read the
letters to the Church in the New Testament and find out what
Jesus Christ has done for you. Find out who you are in Christ.
Find out how God sees you.

SAY THIS: To change my behavior, I must first change my
beliefs.