Take What God Has Given You

JOSHUA 1:3 NKJ
3 "Every place that the sole of your foot will tread upon I
have given you, as I said to Moses.

God told Israel the promised land was theirs. Yet it was
possessed by others -- some were even giants (which made it
look impossible for them to possess.)

God had given them the land, but they had to go in and take it.
God would enable them to take possession, if they would only
cooperate by believing Him. Yet they focused on the seemingly
impossible circumstances and took their eyes off God's promise.

HEBREWS 3:19 NKJ
19 So we see that they could not enter in because of unbelief.

Only one thing kept the people of Israel from taking possession
of all their promised land -- unbelief! Maybe they felt
incapable, but that was the devil's lie. Their capability was
God! God had spoken! But they chose not to believe what God
said to them.

Today it is no different with us!

The New Testament reveals many things which already belong to
us because we are joined with Jesus Christ. These are not just
promises, but statements of what is already ours because of
God's wonderful grace.

God has given us richly all things to enjoy (1 Timothy 6:17, 2
Peter 1:3). Many of us are not enjoying much, but it is NOT
God's fault. We are the ones who need to change. We need to
change what we believe!

Many expect Bible promises to just fall on them. But you have a
part to play. Nothing automatically manifests in your life
until you believe and act on God's Word. You must actively
receive what the Bible says is yours.

Very often in the New Testament the word "receive" translates
the word "lambano," which means to actively receive. This word
is often translated as "take."

You must take possession of what God has given you. Without
actively taking what belongs to you, you will not enjoy all God
has provided for you.

You must possess by your faith what God has given you by His
grace. Remember that faith is the noun form and believe is the
verb form of the same word in the New Testament.

So if your beliefs don't line up with God's Word, then you need
to change them, for God's Word is truth.

What you believe makes a big difference in the way you respond
to something being taken from you. If you believe something
belongs to you, you will not readily allow anyone to take it
from you.

So when you truly know what belongs to you because of the great
price Jesus paid, you will quit allowing the devil to steal it
from you.

God's desire is that you take, and continue to possess, what
Jesus paid for you to have and enjoy.

SAY THIS: Because it pleases God, I will take what God says is
mine, which is all that Jesus paid for me to have.