Nebuchadnezzar's Lesson

DANIEL 4:26 NIV
26 . . . your kingdom will be restored to you when you
acknowledge that Heaven rules.

King Nebuchadnezzar was one of the most powerful rulers in the
history of mankind. He learned a great lesson which we should
never forget. Wise people learn from the mistakes of others.

DANIEL 4:29-37 NIV
29 Twelve months later, as the king was walking on the roof of
the royal palace of Babylon,
30 he said, "Is not this the great Babylon I have built as the
royal residence, by my mighty power and for the glory of my
majesty?"
31 The words were still on his lips when a voice came from
heaven, "This is what is decreed for you, King Nebuchadnezzar:
Your royal authority has been taken from you.
32 You will be driven away from people and will live with the
wild animals; you will eat grass like cattle. Seven times will
pass by for you until you acknowledge that the Most High is
sovereign over the kingdoms of men and gives them to anyone he
wishes."
33 Immediately what had been said about Nebuchadnezzar was
fulfilled. He was driven away from people and ate grass like
cattle. His body was drenched with the dew of heaven until his
hair grew like the feathers of an eagle and his nails like the
claws of a bird.
34 At the end of that time, I, Nebuchadnezzar, raised my eyes
toward heaven, and my sanity was restored. Then I praised the
Most High; I honored and glorified him who lives forever. His
dominion is an eternal dominion; his kingdom endures from
generation to generation.
35 All the peoples of the earth are regarded as nothing. He
does as he pleases with the powers of heaven and the peoples of
the earth. No one can hold back his hand or say to him: "What
have you done?"
36 At the same time that my sanity was restored, my honor and
splendor were returned to me for the glory of my kingdom. My
advisers and nobles sought me out, and I was restored to my
throne and became even greater than before.
37 Now I, Nebuchadnezzar, praise and exalt and glorify the King
of heaven, because everything he does is right and all his ways
are just. And those who walk in pride he is able to humble.

What was King Nebuchadnezzar's problem?

Pride! He thought he was a self-made man. He thought the reason
he was exalted, rich, and powerful was because he was better
than others.

He thought he deserved what he had because he had done it
himself. He failed to credit God with giving him the ability
and opportunity he enjoyed. He failed to understand that all he
had and all he could do were the result of what God provided.
But he learned. And you will also learn.

You can choose the hard way or the easy way, but this is a
lesson you will also learn. For that is a main purpose of life
on earth: learning. And this is one of the most important
things you need to learn.

You may think you don't have a problem with pride, but if you
think you can make it without God, then you do. So if you
ignore God or neglect God, you have a problem with pride. The
truth is you could not even exist without God.

We need to understand that the God of Heaven rules. That does
not mean God is micro-managing every action on earth, for He
has given us a free will to choose what we will each do.
However, God has set certain boundaries, and He is in control
of the overall plan.

It is a mistake to think that God is responsible for every evil
act happening on earth, as if God were behind all the decisions
to murder, rape, and steal. All those evil decisions are made
by humans influenced by the devil, not God. So while we cannot
blame God for the evil happening on earth, He still retains
overall control of the events unfolding throughout history.

Let's be wise and never forget the last word of Nebuchadnezzar
which summarizes what he learned:

DANIEL 4:37 NIV
37 Now I, Nebuchadnezzar, praise and exalt and glorify the King
of heaven, because everything he does is right and all his ways
are just. And those who walk in pride he is able to humble.

SAY THIS: I will be wise and learn from Nebuchadnezzar's mistake.