You Are In The Army Of Love

1 JOHN 4:8 CEB
8 The person who doesn't love does not know God, because God is
love.

True believers in Jesus Christ are children of Love and
citizens of the kingdom of Love. The God of Love is our Father,
and He gave us His message of Love to share with all humanity
(2 Corinthians 5:19-20). It is Good News!

As God's children, He has placed His love in our hearts (Romans
5:5).

JOHN 13:35 CEB
35 This is how everyone will know that you are my disciples,
when you love each other."

Today every follower of Jesus Christ is called to manifest
God's love, just as Jesus did during His time on earth.

1 JOHN 2:6 NLT
6 Those who say they live in God should live their lives as
Jesus did.

Jesus already defeated the devil. But the Church, which is the
Body of Christ, is still in a battle for the hearts and minds
of people.

2 CORINTHIANS 10:4-5 CEB
4 Our weapons that we fight with aren't human, but instead they
are powered by God for the destruction of fortresses. They
destroy arguments,
5 and every defense that is raised up to oppose the knowledge
of God. They capture every thought to make it obedient to
Christ.

This does not mean we can win people by arguments. Only when
people see reality in our lives will their arguments be
silenced.

There is only one way to win the hearts of people -- by Love.
If we don't show them Love, they won't know Love exists.

We are now earthly representatives of Love, called to join the
battle. We must always remember we are on Love's side -- not
against people -- only against what harms people.

EPHESIANS 6:12 CEB
12 We aren't fighting against human enemies but against rulers,
authorities, forces of cosmic darkness, and spiritual powers of
evil in the heavens.

People are not our enemy, but the devil tries to influence and
work through people. So they may mistreat us. But our response
to them should always be Love. We should always be patient and
return kindness, regardless how people may have mistreated us.

1 PETER 3:9 NLT
9 Don't repay evil for evil. Don't retaliate with insults when
people insult you. Instead, pay them back with a blessing. That
is what God has called you to do, and he will bless you for it.

SAY THIS: I am in the army of God -- who is Love.