Sin's Deception

HEBREWS 3:13 NLT
13 You must warn each other every day, while it is still
"today," so that none of you will be deceived by sin and
hardened against God.

Sin advertises that it will bring happiness, but fails to
deliver.

Deception's story is that going God's way is too restrictive --
too hard -- and won't lead to happiness. So sin tells you to
throw off restraint and live for the moment -- do whatever
feels right to you with no thought for the future.

The only problem is that it does not work! Sin's promises are
empty.

All sin hurts people. So all sin will (eventually) make someone
miserable.

Can you make yourself happy by making others miserable? No! It
may seem to work for awhile, but in the end it fails.

Don't be deceived! You cannot make yourself happy by hurting
people.

Instead of happiness, sin actually pays out in death.

ROMANS 6:23 NLT
23 For the wages of sin is death, but the free gift of God is
eternal life through Christ Jesus our Lord.

Whatever pleasure sin may bring is something very temporary
which lasts for only a short while. Then it brings death!

HEBREWS 11:25 NLT
25 He chose to share the oppression of God's people instead of
enjoying the fleeting pleasures of sin.

Fortunately, there is good news! Jesus came to save us from sin.

MATTHEW 1:21 NKJ
21 "And she will bring forth a Son, and you shall call His name
JESUS, for He will save His people from their sins."

The good news is that no matter how deeply sin has trapped you,
Jesus will forgive you and free you!

Jesus is not your enemy -- sin is your enemy. Sin only promises
you happiness, then brings destruction, misery, and pain. Jesus
is your friend who came to set you free from sin.

Jesus frees us not only from the punishment of sin, but also
from the power and control of sin.

When you receive Him, Jesus puts His life and love in your
heart, so you don't have to sin.

People sin because they are afraid of missing out on something
good. All sin is based on fear, which results from not truly
knowing God loves us.

But God does love you! Enough to die for you! So you can be
certain that He does not want to withhold any good thing from
you.

MATTHEW 7:14 NLT
14 But the gateway to life is very narrow and the road is
difficult, and only a few ever find it.

Many people read this verse in Matthew and think of few people
making it to Heaven, but that is not what Jesus said. Life, in
full victory, as God intended, is enjoyed by very few people
during our time on earth. The reason is because they allow
themselves to be deceived by sin.

The road of joyful, wonderful life is difficult. It can be a
struggle to keep from being deceived. But Jesus will help you!
He is the Way! So call on Jesus and trust Him to help you!

SAY THIS: I refuse to let sin deceive me!