Don't Ignore The Poor

GALATIANS 2:10 NLT
10 Their only suggestion was that we keep on helping the poor,
which I have always been eager to do.

Not everyone who is poor is that way because of what they have
done. Disasters happen.

The enormity of the need worldwide can tempt us to just ignore
the plight of the poor. We can't help everyone, but that should
not keep us from helping someone.

PROVERBS 28:27 NLT
27 Whoever gives to the poor will lack nothing, but those who
close their eyes to poverty will be cursed.

If you are reading this, then by definition you are not one of
the truly poor. You may be poorer than your neighbor, but there
are many people poorer than you are. The truly poor cannot
read, and struggle for food, which they don't have every day.

LUKE 16:19-21 NLT
19 Jesus said, "There was a certain rich man who was splendidly
clothed in purple and fine linen and who lived each day in
luxury.
20 At his gate lay a poor man named Lazarus who was covered
with sores.
21 As Lazarus lay there longing for scraps from the rich man's
table, the dogs would come and lick his open sores.

In this account, the rich man did not oppress the beggar laying
at his gate, where he probably passed by every day. The rich
man just ignored him. The dogs seem to have had more mercy.
They at least licked the sores of the poor beggar, while the
rich man did nothing to help relieve his suffering.

PROVERBS 21:13 NLT
13 Those who shut their ears to the cries of the poor will be
ignored in their own time of need.

God loves all the people of the world -- rich and poor. His
will is not that anyone should suffer or be forgotten. God
loves those who are poor. So we who have been blessed with more
should not forget them.

HEBREWS 13:16 NLT
16 And don't forget to do good and to share with those in need.
These are the sacrifices that please God.

PROVERBS 19:17 NLT
17 If you help the poor, you are lending to the LORD -- and he
will repay you!

GALATIANS 6:10 NLT
10 Therefore, whenever we have the opportunity, we should do
good to everyone -- especially to those in the family of faith.

SAY THIS: I won't ignore the poor.