Accept Jesus As Your Righteousness

ROMANS 10:3 NLT
3 For they don't understand God's way of making people right
with himself. Refusing to accept God's way, they cling to their
own way of getting right with God by trying to keep the law.

It seems that humans are naturally intent on trying to prove to
God that we are worthy of His acceptance and favor.

All human religions are based on what we must do to please God.
But true Christianity is based entirely on what God did for us
through Christ Jesus. That is why it is called the Gospel
(which means Good News).

PHILIPPIANS 3:9 NLT
9 and become one with him. I no longer count on my own
righteousness through obeying the law; rather, I become
righteous through faith in Christ. For God's way of making us
right with himself depends on faith.

God's way for people to be right with Him is based on the work
of Jesus Christ. It is not something any human being can ever
deserve or earn. It is purely a gift from God.

GALATIANS 2:16 NLT
16 Yet we know that a person is made right with God by faith in
Jesus Christ, not by obeying the law. And we have believed in
Christ Jesus, so that we might be made right with God because
of our faith in Christ, not because we have obeyed the law. For
no one will ever be made right with God by obeying the law."

You can't have good standing with God by trying to be a good
person and living a perfect life. The only way to have good
standing with God is by being in Christ Jesus.

ROMANS 3:22 NLT
22 We are made right with God by placing our faith in Jesus
Christ. And this is true for everyone who believes, no matter
who we are.

So don't try to establish your own righteousness. Accept Jesus
as your righteousness!

GALATIANS 5:4 NLT
4 For if you are trying to make yourselves right with God by
keeping the law, you have been cut off from Christ! You have
fallen away from God's grace.

God made Jesus to be your righteousness. Accept that fact!

1 CORINTHIANS 1:30 NIV
30 It is because of him that you are in Christ Jesus, who has
become for us wisdom from God -- that is, our righteousness,
holiness and redemption.

To now say that your righteousness is not good enough, would be
saying that Jesus is not good enough. Because Jesus is your
righteousness!

ROMANS 5:1 NLT
1 Therefore, since we have been made right in God's sight by
faith, we have peace with God because of what Jesus Christ our
Lord has done for us.

Being right with God (righteous) not only gives us peace with
God, but also enables us to live in victory.

ROMANS 5:17 NLT
17 For the sin of this one man, Adam, caused death to rule over
many. But even greater is God's wonderful grace and his gift of
righteousness, for all who receive it will live in triumph over
sin and death through this one man, Jesus Christ.

Righteousness is a gift! But for you to benefit as you should,
you must actively receive it. You must take it! (That is the
meaning of the word "receive" in Romans 5:17.)

SAY THIS: I accept Jesus as my righteousness. Because of Jesus,
I am in right standing with God right now. I am righteous in
Christ!