Stop Condemning Other Christians

ROMANS 14:10 NLT
10 So why do you condemn another believer? Why do you look down
on another believer? Remember, we will all stand before the
judgment seat of God.

Many Christians seem to have the idea that their job is to
evaluate others and point out errors and shortcomings. But our
job is not to condemn other Christians!

ROMANS 14:4 ESV
4 Who are you to pass judgment on the servant of another? It is
before his own master that he stands or falls. And he will be
upheld, for the Lord is able to make him stand.

We can share truth with an attitude of humility, respect, and
concern for other's well-being, pointing out areas where we
think they may not yet have a correct understanding of
Scripture. But name-calling, fighting, and public ridicule
should never happen among Christians!

Privately correcting someone in humility is quite different
from arrogantly condemning another brother or sister publicly.

We can teach truth without mocking, ridiculing, and condemning
others. Those who resort to such tactics often do so because
they cannot convince based on the facts.

Whatever we do should be done in the spirit of Christ, to help
people, not condemn them.

Jesus said the world would know we are His followers by our
love. So our enemy tries to stir up strife between believers.

JOHN 13:35 ESV
35 By this all people will know that you are my disciples, if
you have love for one another."

We are all in the same family. Instead of attacking our
brothers and sisters, love should protect them and defend them.

ROMANS 14:1-3,13 NLT
1 Accept other believers who are weak in faith, and don't argue
with them about what they think is right or wrong.
2 For instance, one person believes it's all right to eat
anything. But another believer with a sensitive conscience will
eat only vegetables.
3 Those who feel free to eat anything must not look down on
those who don't. And those who don't eat certain foods must not
condemn those who do, for God has accepted them.
13 So let's stop condemning each other. Decide instead to live
in such a way that you will not cause another believer to
stumble and fall.

There are many differences among Christians. We are all growing
and learning. Not one of us knows everything. Even Paul, who
wrote down much of the New Testament, said he only knew in part
(1 Corinthians 13:9).

We all have much to learn. So we should be slow in telling
others how wrong they are. The Lord may have taught them
something He has not yet taught us.

Many are too quick to label all those who do not agree with
them on every point of doctrine as a cult or some other name to
put them down.

Usually, those who are in the habit of putting down others do
so in an attempt to elevate themselves. But God has already
elevated us in Christ, so we don't need to fall into this trap.

ROMANS 14:19 NLT
19 So then, let us aim for harmony in the church and try to
build each other up.

SAY THIS: My job is not to condemn people and call them bad
names, but to bless them, help them, and pray for them.