You Are Not Under The Law

ROMANS 7:4 NJB
4 In the same way you, my brothers, through the body of Christ
have become dead to the Law and so you are able to belong to
someone else, that is, to him who was raised from the dead to
make us live fruitfully for God.

You are not under the (Old Covenant) Law as a way of being
right with God.

Just as a wife whose husband has died is no longer in that
marriage after her husband dies, we are no longer in a
relationship with the Law for the purpose of being right with
God.

ROMANS 7:1-2 NLT
1 Now, dear brothers and sisters -- you who are familiar with
the law -- don't you know that the law applies only while a
person is living?
2 For example, when a woman marries, the law binds her to her
husband as long as he is alive. But if he dies, the laws of
marriage no longer apply to her.

The Law is still good. For example, it is still wrong to steal
and murder. And it is still right to worship God. But we no
longer do those things in order to be right with God. Instead
we do them BECAUSE we are already right with God by being
joined with Jesus Christ.

Now it is His life in us that causes us to live right. We do
not live right in order to get God's approval. Instead we were
given God's love and acceptance as a gift (Ephesians 2:8-9,
Romans 5:17). Because of our union with Christ Jesus, we can
manifest God's will naturally from our new heart (Romans 5:5).
We have new life in us -- His life -- which causes us to act
differently.

GALATIANS 5:18 GWN
18 If your spiritual nature is your guide, you are not subject
to Moses' laws.

ROMANS 3:20 NLT
20 For no one can ever be made right with God by doing what the
law commands. The law simply shows us how sinful we are.

GALATIANS 2:16 NLT
16 Yet we know that a person is made right with God by faith in
Jesus Christ, not by obeying the law. And we have believed in
Christ Jesus, so that we might be made right with God because
of our faith in Christ, not because we have obeyed the law. For
no one will ever be made right with God by obeying the law."

ROMANS 6:14-15 NLT
14 Sin is no longer your master, for you no longer live under
the requirements of the law. Instead, you live under the
freedom of God's grace.
15 Well then, since God's grace has set us free from the law,
does that mean we can go on sinning? Of course not!

COLOSSIANS 3:3 NLT
3 For you died to this life, and your real life is hidden with
Christ in God.

GALATIANS 2:19-20 GWN
19 When I tried to obey the law's standards, those laws killed
me. As a result, I live in a relationship with God. I have been
crucified with Christ.
20 I no longer live, but Christ lives in me. The life I now
live I live by believing in God's Son, who loved me and took
the punishment for my sins.

SAY THIS: I died with Christ, so I am free from the demands of
keeping the Law in order to be in good standing with God.