God's Mercy To Nineveh

JONAH 1:2 NKJ
2 "Arise, go to Nineveh, that great city, and cry out against
it; for their wickedness has come up before Me."

Remembering what happened with Nineveh will give you a clearer
picture of God's mercy.

God told Jonah that Nineveh would be destroyed. But when the
people of Nineveh changed and repented before God, things
changed.

JONAH 3:3-10 NKJ
3 So Jonah arose and went to Nineveh, according to the word of
the LORD. Now Nineveh was an exceedingly great city, a three-
day journey in extent.
4 And Jonah began to enter the city on the first day's walk.
Then he cried out and said, "Yet forty days, and Nineveh shall
be overthrown!"
5 So the people of Nineveh believed God, proclaimed a fast, and
put on sackcloth, from the greatest to the least of them.
6 Then word came to the king of Nineveh; and he arose from his
throne and laid aside his robe, covered himself with sackcloth
and sat in ashes.
7 And he caused it to be proclaimed and published throughout
Nineveh by the decree of the king and his nobles, saying, Let
neither man nor beast, herd nor flock, taste anything; do not
let them eat, or drink water.
8 But let man and beast be covered with sackcloth, and cry
mightily to God; yes, let every one turn from his evil way and
from the violence that is in his hands.
9 Who can tell if God will turn and relent, and turn away from
His fierce anger, so that we may not perish?
10 Then God saw their works, that they turned from their evil
way; and God relented from the disaster that He had said He
would bring upon them, and He did not do it.

The people of Nineveh were very wicked, but when they heard
God's Word of judgment they humbled themselves and turned
toward God. Because of their response, God changed His judgment
and their lives were spared.

When people repent and turn toward God -- no matter how evil
they have been -- God shows mercy.

God is still the same. He delights in mercy.

MICAH 7:18 NKJ
18 Who is a God like You, Pardoning iniquity And passing over
the transgression of the remnant of His heritage? He does not
retain His anger forever, Because He delights in mercy.

SAY THIS: My God delights in mercy!