God Is Not Angry With You

ISAIAH 54:9-10 ESV
9 "This is like the days of Noah to me: as I swore that the
waters of Noah should no more go over the earth, so I have
sworn that I will not be angry with you, and will not rebuke
you.
10 For the mountains may depart and the hills be removed, but
my steadfast love shall not depart from you, and my covenant of
peace shall not be removed," says the LORD, who has compassion
on you.

Isaiah 53 foretells the sacrifice of Jesus on the cross. The
following chapter, Isaiah 54, speaks to those who are redeemed
by that sacrifice of Jesus and so are under the New Covenant.

It is a lie of the devil that God is angry with you! Because of
what Jesus accomplished you have a covenant of peace with God.

The message of Jesus Christ and the New Covenant is clear: God
loves you!

Yes, God knows about all your mistakes. You have sinned and
fallen short of perfection. You are not alone! The Bible says
we have all fallen short (Romans 3:23). We all need God's
forgiveness and help.

But it is important for you to realize God loves you like a
good parent loves their child, even when the child does wrong.

God is there right now, listening and waiting for you to call
on Him for His help. God has already forgiven you. Now you just
need to reach out to God and receive His forgiveness so you can
be free from the burden of guilt and shame that has kept you
from fellowship with God.

2 CORINTHIANS 5:19 ESV
19 that is, in Christ God was reconciling the world to himself,
not counting their trespasses against them, and entrusting to
us the message of reconciliation.

EPHESIANS 1:7 ESV
7 In him we have redemption through his blood, the forgiveness
of our trespasses, according to the riches of his grace,

No matter what your past has been -- no matter how terrible you
have been -- no matter what you have done -- God still loves
you and desires for you to turn to Him. This is the reason
Jesus died on the cross, to show you the greatness of God's
love for you, and to make a way for you to be forgiven and not
separated from God any longer.

SAY THIS: God is not angry with me.