Do You Know God?

JEREMIAH 9:24 ESV
24 but let him who boasts boast in this, that he understands
and knows me, that I am the LORD who practices steadfast love,
justice, and righteousness in the earth. For in these things I
delight, declares the LORD."

There is one problem in the world: people don't know God. Many
think they know God, but have been deceived.

This primary problem is the cause of every other problem. All
sin is the result of people not knowing God. For if people knew
God, they would love Him, respect Him, want to be like Him, and
desire to please Him.

1 JOHN 4:8 NLT
8 But anyone who does not love does not know God, for God is
love.

People who don't know God's character and nature think He is
unreasonable or a hard master. The truth is God is the most
loving, giving, unselfish being in existence. Everything He
does is for our benefit.

EXODUS 34:5-6 NLT
5 Then the LORD came down in a cloud and stood there with him;
and he called out his own name, Yahweh.
6 The LORD passed in front of Moses, calling out, "Yahweh! The
LORD! The God of compassion and mercy! I am slow to anger and
filled with unfailing love and faithfulness.

The religious leaders of Jesus' day thought they knew God, but
when He talked to them they called Him a devil.

JOHN 8:19 NLT
19 "Where is your father?" they asked. Jesus answered, "Since
you don't know who I am, you don't know who my Father is. If
you knew me, you would also know my Father."

If you want to know what God is truly like, just look at Jesus.
Examine the way Jesus acted in the four Gospels and you will
understand how God acts.

JOHN 12:45 NLT
45 For when you see me, you are seeing the one who sent me.

If you think God is different than Jesus of Nazareth, you are
deceived. Jesus perfectly revealed the Father God to us. All
the revelation we had of God before was incomplete.

JOHN 1:18 NLT
18 No one has ever seen God. But the one and only Son is
himself God and is near to the Father's heart. He has revealed
God to us.

Through many years I have experienced the wonderful privilege
of knowing God. I am here to tell you that God is good! He is
faithful! The better you get to know Him the better you will
like Him.

PSALM 34:8 NLT
8 Taste and see that the LORD is good. Oh, the joys of those
who take refuge in him!

Taste and see for yourself! Walk with God and you will not
regret it!

SAY THIS: Lord, I want to know You better!