You Are Not A Loser

1 JOHN 5:4 ETR
4 because everyone who is a child of God has the power to win
against the world.

If you have received Jesus Christ then you are a child of God
(John 1:12). The Bible says you are an overcomer -- a winner!

A big problem is that many Christians have a mistaken identity.
They don't understand who they really are because they have not
been told the full truth.

When you received Jesus Christ, more happened than just getting
your sins forgiven. You became a new person, a child of God (1
John 3:2). And not one of God's children are losers!

2 CORINTHIANS 5:17 NLT
17 This means that anyone who belongs to Christ has become a
new person. The old life is gone; a new life has begun!

If you are a Christian, then you are what God says you are. You
may not be acting like it yet, but whatever God says you are --
you are. For whatever God speaks comes to pass. If God were to
say you are a monkey -- you would become a monkey.

God has said many things about you. He says you are an
overcomer. That means you are a winner, not a loser.

1 JOHN 4:4 ESV
4 Little children, you are from God and have overcome them, for
he who is in you is greater than he who is in the world.

1 JOHN 5:5 ESV
5 Who is it that overcomes the world except the one who
believes that Jesus is the Son of God?

Who can overcome whatever the world throws at us? WHOEVER
believes in Jesus! That includes you!

1 JOHN 5:4 ESV
4 For everyone who has been born of God overcomes the world.
And this is the victory that has overcome the world -- our
faith.

What we believe is the key to overcoming. For truth, we must
get our beliefs from the Bible.

If you have received Jesus you are born of God and God is your
Father. You ARE a world overcomer. You are not a big mess-up.
You are not a loser.

That may have been your past, but now things have changed.
Clearly understanding who God has made you will change your
actions, and your future.

You are a victor -- an overcomer! With God on your side helping
you, you can overcome any obstacle or problem.

SAY THIS: God made me what I am: a winner not a loser!