Resist The Devil By Faith

EPHESIANS 6:16 NKJ
16 above all, taking the shield of faith with which you will be
able to quench all the fiery darts of the wicked one.

Isn't it good to know you can withstand whatever the devil
throws at you? Although the devil may attack, your faith in
God's Word will shield you from being harmed.

1 PETER 5:8-9 NKJ
8 Be sober, be vigilant; because your adversary the devil walks
about like a roaring lion, seeking whom he may devour.
9 Resist him, steadfast in the faith, knowing that the same
sufferings are experienced by your brotherhood in the world.

How do we resist the devil?

We resist the devil by refusing to think, speak, or act in
accordance with his suggestions and ideas. We choose rather to
think, speak, and act in line with God's Word, the Bible.

Refusing to accept less than the perfect will of God is 
resisting the devil. Standing against sin, sickness, poverty, 
and fear is resisting the devil's plan, which is to steal, 
kill, and destroy (John 10:10, Acts 10:38).

Humility is resisting the devil. Walking in love is resisting
the devil. Spending time in prayer and fellowship with God is
resisting the devil. Being thankful is resisting the devil.
Praising God and talking of His goodness and faithfulness is
resisting the devil.

The Greek word for resist literally means to stand against. It
means to withstand and oppose.

The English word resist means to stand against; to strive
against; to obstruct; to act in opposition to; to exert oneself
so as to counteract or defeat; to refuse to give in.

The opposite of resist is to agree with and to yield.

JAMES 4:7 NKJ
7 Therefore submit to God. Resist the devil and he will flee
from you.

This verse is written to believers. It does not say the devil
will flee from you whether you resist him, or not. So you must
actively resist the devil if you don't want his plan in your
life.

We are to yield to God in all things, but yield to the devil in
none. How do we yield to God? We yield to what He says. How do
we resist the devil? We do not yield to or accept what the
devil says but rather stand against it.

God and the devil do not come to most of us in person. Rather
they come to us by thoughts which originate from either God or
the devil. We choose which one we yield to and which one we
resist by how we respond to the thoughts and ideas that come
our way.

JAMES 4:7 CJB
7 Therefore, submit to God. Moreover, take a stand against the
Adversary, and he will flee from you

Take a stand against the devil! Refuse to give up or give in!
The devil cannot overcome you if you continue to resist.

SAY THIS: In Jesus' Name I can and I will resist the devil and
walk in victory.