Jesus Is Our Righteousness

1 CORINTHIANS 1:30 GWN
30 You are partners with Christ Jesus because of God. Jesus has
become our wisdom sent from God, our righteousness, our
holiness, and our ransom from sin.

People now have two choices:

1. Quit trying to be right with God by their own efforts, and
accept the gift of righteousness by receiving Jesus Christ.

2. Or, try to be good enough for God to accept them based on
their own performance.

One choice is impossible. No one can succeed with the second
choice. Here are three verses that say "no one" can do it.

ROMANS 3:20 NLT
20 For no one can ever be made right with God by doing what the
law commands. The law simply shows us how sinful we are.

GALATIANS 2:16 NLT
16 Yet we know that a person is made right with God by faith in
Jesus Christ, not by obeying the law. And we have believed in
Christ Jesus, so that we might be made right with God because
of our faith in Christ, not because we have obeyed the law. For
no one will ever be made right with God by obeying the law."

GALATIANS 3:11 NLT
11 So it is clear that no one can be made right with God by
trying to keep the law. For the Scriptures say, "It is through
faith that a righteous person has life."

No one can be bad enough for God to reject them. And no one can
be good enough for God to accept them. So the only way to have
good standing with God is by accepting His gift -- Jesus
Christ.

JOHN 14:6 NLT
6 Jesus told him, "I am the way, the truth, and the life. No
one can come to the Father except through me.

ROMANS 10:3 NLT
3 For they don't understand God's way of making people right
with himself. Refusing to accept God's way, they cling to their
own way of getting right with God by trying to keep the law.

Yes, God desires for His people to do good, not bad. Jesus was
sent to save us FROM sin, not to leave us trapped in sin.

But we cannot save ourselves. We cannot make ourselves
acceptable to God by our own efforts. We can only come to Him
and accept His free gift, Jesus Christ. When we receive Jesus
we also receive right standing with God (righteousness).

ROMANS 5:17 NLT
17 For the sin of this one man, Adam, caused death to rule over
many. But even greater is God's wonderful grace and his gift of
righteousness, for all who receive it will live in triumph over
sin and death through this one man, Jesus Christ.

Remember: righteousness is a gift!

SAY THIS:I accept Jesus as my righteousness.