Prosperity Pleases God

PSALM 35:27 NKJ
27 Let them shout for joy and be glad, Who favor my righteous
cause; And let them say continually, "Let the LORD be
magnified, Who has pleasure in the prosperity of His servant."

Do you enjoy seeing your children -- or anyone you love --
suffer lack?

Jesus taught us that God our Heavenly Father's love for us is
much better than any earthly parent's love (Matthew 7:11).

What kind of perverted being would God be if He delighted in
seeing His people suffer? (The only kind of suffering that
pleases God is when we are willing to be inconvenienced so that
others will be helped.)

Ultimately, poverty is the result of an operation by the devil
attempting to dis-please God. But it will not continue to
succeed.

To achieve his plan, the devil has tried to confuse Christians
into thinking that being poor pleased God, and that being poor
was a sign of spirituality. This is a lie! (But being rich is
not a dependable sign of spirituality, either!)

The Bible does warn against trusting in money, serving money,
and covetousness, which is not just wanting more. It is really
wanting to take what belongs to someone else.

But the Bible does not teach that we should be poor, or that
poverty pleases God.

1 TIMOTHY 6:17-18 NET
17 Command those who are rich in this world's goods not to be
haughty or to set their hope on riches, which are uncertain,
but on God who richly provides us with all things for our
enjoyment.
18 Tell them to do good, to be rich in good deeds, to be
generous givers, sharing with others.

God has richly provided (through His creation, and through His
redemption) all things for our enjoyment.

It is a lie that God wants us to be poor. This scripture tells
the rich people in the church to be generous, but it does not
say they should give everything away and become poor.

God enjoys our enjoyment of what He provides for us. God wants
us to be happy about what He has given us.

God created things for us to enjoy. When we enjoy what God made
and show our gratitude and appreciation to Him, God enjoys
that.

SAY THIS: God is pleased when His people are happy and doing
well.