Thy Will Be Done On Earth

MATTHEW 6:9-10 NKJ
9 "In this manner, therefore, pray: Our Father in heaven,
Hallowed be Your name.
10 Your kingdom come. Your will be done On earth as it is in
heaven.

LUKE 11:2 NKJ
2 So He said to them, "When you pray, say: Our Father in
heaven, Hallowed be Your name. Your kingdom come. Your will be
done On earth as it is in heaven.

These verses make two things clear.

1. God's will is not automatically done unless we pray.
Otherwise it is pointless for Jesus to tell us to pray that
God's will be done.

2. It is God's will that things be done on earth as they are in
heaven.

By understanding these verses we can see that those who tell us
God is sovereign and everything that happens on earth is God's
will, are clearly wrong.

It is true that God is sovereign. He can do whatever He wants
to do. No one is higher than God and can tell Him what to do.
But God voluntarily and freely, without any rush or pressure,
chose to speak words expressing His sovereign choices. And now
He will not do anything contrary to what He has already spoken,
because that would make Him a liar, which is against His
nature. So we can trust God's Word, the Bible, and know that it
expresses His will.

Jesus told us to pray that God's will be done on earth, as it
is in heaven. That means some things happening on earth are NOT
God's will. Just because something happens does not mean it is
the will of God. The way we can know God's will is from the
message of the Bible.

In heaven God's perfect will is always done.

Is there sickness in heaven? No! Then clearly it is not the
perfect will of God for there to be sickness on earth either.

Is there poverty or lack in heaven? No! Then clearly it is not
the perfect will of God for there to be poverty or lack on
earth either.

Is there sadness in heaven? No! Then clearly it is not the
perfect will of God for there to be sadness on earth either.

God's Word reveals that believing prayer makes a difference. We
do have a part to play. Our prayers are not just vocal
exercise, but make a difference. (Matthew 21:22, James 5:17-18)

SAY THIS: God's desire is that it be on earth as it is in
heaven.