A Faith Fight

1 TIMOTHY 6:12 NRS
12 Fight the good fight of the faith; take hold of the eternal
life, to which you were called and for which you made the good
confession in the presence of many witnesses.

Too many people have the idea that if something is God's will
for them to have that it will just automatically happen without
any effort or involvement on their part.

Not so!

We have to cooperate with God. We must believe what He says. We
must resist doubt and fear. To walk in the fullness of blessing
God desires for us, we must fight the good fight of faith.

Israel was our example.

1 CORINTHIANS 10:11 NRS
11 These things happened to them to serve as an example, and
they were written down to instruct us, on whom the ends of the
ages have come.

They had to fight the giants in the land to possess what God
said was already theirs. The promised land belonged to them
already because God had given it to them. But it was still
inhabited by others (including giants), who had to be driven
out before they could enjoy what was theirs.

Since the Bible talks about the "good fight of faith," you know
that standing in faith may often involve a struggle.

There is a reason the Bible tells us to hold fast our
confession of faith (Hebrews 4:14, 10:23). God knew we would be
tempted to doubt because of the circumstances we would see in
our lives.

God knew that faith would be a struggle.

So we should not be surprised at the fiery trials that happen
to us. The devil is trying to steal our faith by trying to get
us to doubt God's faithfulness to His Word.

1 PETER 4:12 NRS
12 Beloved, do not be surprised at the fiery ordeal that is
taking place among you to test you, as though something strange
were happening to you.

We may have to fight with our own logic. It may tell us it is
impossible for things to work out, that God's Word will not
work for us, that we should not expect good things to happen to
us.

But victory in and through Jesus is the plan of God. It is
possible. We must continue in faith. That is the fight we must
engage in.

SAY THIS: I will maintain my faith in God's Word no matter what
life throws at me. I will do whatever it takes to maintain my
faith in God.