You Are Now A Giver

EPHESIANS 5:1 NLT
1 Imitate God, therefore, in everything you do, because you are
his dear children.

You are now a giver. God your Father is a giver and you should
act like your Father.

Giving is an act of love, and an act of faith. As a child of
God you are no longer a taker, but a giver, because God's love
has been put into your heart (Romans 5:5).

The devil's kingdom is a kingdom of selfishness so it operates
by taking. God's kingdom is a kingdom of love so it operates by
giving.

Real followers of Jesus are known for their great love (which
is expressed by giving) to others (John 13:35).

The Bible not only tells us to give, but also promises us
blessing when we do give.

LUKE 6:38 NLT
38 Give, and you will receive. Your gift will return to you in
full -- pressed down, shaken together to make room for more,
running over, and poured into your lap. The amount you give
will determine the amount you get back."

Money is not the only thing you can give. Mercy, compassion,
encouragement -- anything that will bless someone is a valuable
gift.

Your best gift is sharing the message of God's love and
deliverance with others -- a gift more valuable than money.

2 CORINTHIANS 9:6,8 NLT
6 Remember this -- a farmer who plants only a few seeds will
get a small crop. But the one who plants generously will get a
generous crop.
8 And God will generously provide all you need. Then you will
always have everything you need and plenty left over to share
with others.

The Bible teaches that giving is planting seed, which brings a
larger harvest of provision back into your life. As you give,
God will see that it is given to you, so you will have
"everything you need and plenty left over to share with
others."

So whatever needs you have, plant good seeds for your future by
giving today!

Rich people can give freely, without worrying how their own
needs will be met, because they have abundance. When you
realize you are rich in Christ (2 Corinthians 8:9), and Heaven
backs you, then you will also be able to enjoy giving freely.

So, with the backing of God's Word, you can use what you have
been given to help those around you.

SAY THIS: As a child of God, I have His love in my heart, and
that makes me a giver.