The Original Temptation

GENESIS 3:1 NKJ
1 Now the serpent was more cunning than any beast of the field
which the Lord God had made. And he said to the woman, "Has God
indeed said, 'You shall not eat of every tree of the garden'?"

The original temptation, still being used by the devil to keep
people away from the blessings of God today, is to doubt that
God's Word is truth and that God desires the best for us.

The devil's false idea is that God is holding out on us,
keeping back something good that would make our life better and
more enjoyable.

But God is not withholding anything good from us. When He gave
us Jesus He gave us everything. Now it is our responsibility to
learn how to receive what He has given us and use it for the
glory of God and the good of mankind.

God's way is actually the very best for us. God's will for you
is actually what you would also choose for yourself if you had
all the information God has.

Just like a good parent, God does try to protect us from bad
things -- which can sometimes seem good. But just because
things look good and we think they will make us happy is no
guarantee they will. God knows more than we do about what will
make us safe, happy, and fulfilled.

We should trust God. At Calvary God proved He is not selfish.
Jesus suffering and dying in our place should convince us that
there is nothing God will not do so we can be blessed.

The devil is a liar and a deceiver (John 8:44). Don't fall for
his strategies to separate you from God and His blessings.

God cannot lie! He is dependable. God gave His Word to you so
you could know the truth and be set free.

Believe that God desires the best for you, and is providing the
best for you.

Don't be tempted to think you can be happier, richer, or more
blessed by going your own way. You may need to learn to follow
God's instructions more accurately, so you can walk in the
fullness God desires for you, but there is no way to be blessed
more than by following God's Word.

SAY THIS: I will not doubt God's goodness or His love.