Nothing Shall Hurt You

LUKE 10:19 NKJ
19 "Behold, I give you the authority to trample on serpents and
scorpions, and over all the power of the enemy, and nothing
shall by any means hurt you.

If you will accept it and believe it, here is a promise of
Jesus that will protect you from everything harmful.

The choice is yours. You can choose to believe it, and allow
God to bring it to pass in your life. Or, you can refuse to
believe it, live in doubt, and shut the door on what God
desires in your life.

Someone might say, "But I just had an accident and my finger
was cut off and it really hurt me."

No, the real you, is still intact. The real you is not really
harmed. For the real you is not your body. The real you is the
person who lives in your body.

So even if you were killed because of your testimony for Jesus
Christ, the promise would still be true: it would not hurt YOU.
You would simply be promoted to Heaven to be with Jesus.

(It would be wrong to limit the promise of Luke 10:19 to only
our spirit, for our body certainly is important for our earthly
activity. Yet it is also wrong to be too body-centered in our
thinking. We are much more than just a body.)

We must believe this promise of Jesus for it to work fully in
our lives. God does not force His blessing and help on us. We
must cooperate by believing His Word.

But when we accept this promise, embrace it, and fully believe
it, then God's power is released to protect us from everything
that would hurt us.

God has made the provision. Jesus paid for your protection. Now
you must (actively) receive it. You must believe it! Then God
will bring it to pass.

If you will actively believe, confess, and stand on this
promise from Jesus, your life will be protected from many evils
that would otherwise harm you.

Whatever happened to you in the past, whether you understand it
or not, just let it go. Forgive the past, then forget it. It is
time to move forward. Choose now to believe this promise of God
and change your future for the better.

SAY THIS: I accept and believe the promise of Jesus: Nothing
shall hurt me!