Help, Mate!

GENESIS 2:18 LB
18 And the Lord God said, "It isn't good for man to be alone; I
will make a companion for him, a helper suited to his needs."

An important part of God's purpose for marriage is to have
someone to help you in life.

(God did not intend for this to be one-sided. A husband also
should help his wife. Otherwise, a husband would not love his
wife as Christ loves the church. See Ephesians 5:25.)

We all need help and encouragement. Sadly, for most people,
that is often not at all what they receive from their spouse.

Your spouse, whether you know it or not, desperately wants and
needs your help, your encouragement, and your support.

Are all spouses perfect and deserving of encouragement and 
support? None are! No one is perfect. We all make mistakes. But 
especially in those times, it is important that we have someone 
to encourage us and help us to believe we can go on and do 
better. God meant for you to be that someone to help your 
spouse.

Don't fall into the trap of waiting until your spouse starts
being nice to you. God's law works in this area, too: whatever
you give, you will receive. So the best way to get your spouse
to treat you better is to treat them better.

God does not expect you to love and help your spouse solely
with your own love, but to allow God to pour His love through
you. God loves your spouse -- enough to die for them -- and
desires to express that love through you.

If your spouse would not describe you as their encourager,
friend, and a great help to them -- you are missing God's plan.
You need to be your mate's biggest booster.

Yes, this can be hard. Yes, you have no doubt suffered because
of them. Yes, they have hurt you and you probably don't feel
like being a blessing to them after what they have done to you.
But none of this changes the Word of God and His plan.

Whenever you find direction in God's Word that seems difficult 
or impossible, your approach should always be to ask God to 
help you. "Lord, I see in your Word that you want me to do 
this, but I need your help. Help me to love them. Cause your 
love for them to flow through me."

SAY THIS: With God's help, I will encourage and help those
around me, especially and always, my spouse.