High Priest Of Our Confession

HEBREWS 4:14 NKJ
14 Seeing then that we have a great High Priest who has passed
through the heavens, Jesus the Son of God, let us hold fast our
confession.

In the Bible, what is a high priest? Someone representing
others.

In the Old Covenant, the high priest stood between the people
and God, bringing sacrifices on behalf of the people so they
would be acceptable by God.

Now, under the New Covenant, Jesus is not only our sacrifice,
but also our representative.  He is making our case before God,
interceding on our behalf (Hebrews 7:25).

The Bible says Jesus is our Advocate (1 John 2:1). The word
advocate means a lawyer representing someone on a case.

Jesus pleads our case on our behalf. But Jesus uses our own
confession -- what we are saying -- to present our case. So if
we don't speak the right words, we don't give Him much to work
with.

HEBREWS 3:1 NKJ
1 Therefore, holy brethren, partakers of the heavenly calling,
consider the Apostle and High Priest of our confession, Christ
Jesus,

Hebrews tells us that Jesus is the High Priest of our
confession. That means He represents us before God on the basis
of what we say!

Please understand that God the Father is not a mean Judge who
must be convinced to be merciful and gracious. Not at all! But
He is also a God of justice, and cannot ignore or bless wrong-
doing.

So out of His great love for us, Father God has devised a plan
where He can still be just, yet bless us as He desires. Because
Jesus suffered and died as our Substitute, He already bore all
the punishment and bad things we deserve.

Yet we must agree with God's plan, and what He has said in His
Word, to receive all that Jesus died to purchase for us.

Jesus is our representative before God, the High Priest of our
confession -- what we say. He represents us before God with the
words we speak. So we need to give Jesus the right words to
offer in our behalf.

What then should we say? We should say what God has already
said about us in His Word, the Bible. We should agree with God.

SAY THIS: Jesus represents me in Heaven based on what I say.