When You Sin

1 JOHN 1:9 NKJ
9 If we confess our sins, He is faithful and just to forgive us
our sins and to cleanse us from all unrighteousness.

Many people let sin separate them from God. But the devil is
the one who tells us God does not love us when we sin.

Jesus paid a great price so you can be forgiven and freed from
sin and its penalty.

ROMANS 5:8 NKJ
8 But God demonstrates His own love toward us, in that while we
were still sinners, Christ died for us.

God is against sin because it harms people, but God loves
sinners!

When we sin, it does not make God hate us. We should not run
away from God, but run to Him for help and cleansing, so that
our fellowship with Him will not be hindered in any way.

We confess our sins to shut the door on the devil so he has no 
place in our affairs. We don't confess our sins to convince God 
to forgive us. God has already forgiven! We confess our sins to 
get rid of them, and keep the devil out.

EPHESIANS 1:7 NKJ
7 In Him we have redemption through His blood, the forgiveness
of sins, according to the riches of His grace

God loves people, including you. His ultimate plan is to have a
family of people who do not sin, but voluntarily choose the way
of love, which is God's perfect way.

But just as a good parent does not throw their baby into the
street because they are not perfect yet, but still mess their
pants, so God does not discard His children when they sin.

God loves you more than any good parent ever loved their child.
So look to Him for help in overcoming sin, instead of expecting
condemnation from Him.

When you sin, confess it to get rid of its influence in your
life and to keep the devil from having any place. I don't mean
begging God to forgive you and promising to never do it again.
Instead say, "That is wrong. I should not have done that. Lord,
I need your help to overcome it. Please continue working your
will in me."

Sin has already been paid for with the precious blood of Jesus.
God has already decreed that sin is forgiven, so that it should
not keep people from fellowship with Him.

SAY THIS: I will not let sin separate me from God.