Selfishness Is A Disease

JAMES 4:1-2 GWN
1 What causes fights and quarrels among you? Aren't they caused
by the selfish desires that fight to control you?
2 You want what you don't have, so you commit murder. You're
determined to have things, but you can't get what you want. You
quarrel and fight. You don't have the things you want, because
you don't pray for them.

Selfishness is the root of every problem we face. If
selfishness were eradicated all mankind's problems would be
solved.

JAMES 3:16 NCV
16 Where jealousy and selfishness are, there will be confusion
and every kind of evil.

We need to clearly see the consequences of selfishness and so
determine that we want nothing to do with such a vile thing.

No murder is ever committed without selfishness being involved.
Theft never takes place without selfishness motivating it. No
one is ever hurt except by someone acting selfishly.

JAMES 3:15 NLT
15 For jealousy and selfishness are not God’s kind of wisdom.
Such things are earthly, unspiritual, and demonic.

If God were to allow it, selfishness could turn heaven into a
hell.

The opposite of selfishness is divine love. This is the love
called "agape" in the Greek New Testament. It is not a feeling,
but an attitude which results in putting others and their
interests before your own.

1 CORINTHIANS 13:5 NCV
5 Love is not rude, is not selfish, and does not get upset with
others. Love does not count up wrongs that have been done.

This is the type of love God has for us!

The disease of selfishness cannot be cured just by a human
decision to try and do better. No, it is natural for a human
being to be selfish -- to look out for our self. What we need
is a new nature, a real cure, not just a bandage to cover up
the problem. This is why Jesus told us we need to be born
again. We need to become "new creations" with a new nature --
the nature of divine love. We need to have the love of God in
our hearts.

Then we will have the ability, if we so choose, to walk in
divine love and put the interests of others before our own.
When you have everyone doing that, you have heaven.

Buddha does not offer this cure. Mohammad does not offer this
cure. Only Jesus Christ offers this cure for mankind.

There is only one way to be cured from this fatal disease of
selfishness -- receiving Jesus Christ. When you receive Him,
Jesus imparts His life to you giving you a new nature. Then, as
you allow that new nature inside you to control your actions,
you will walk in divine love and be able to overcome
selfishness.

Overcoming selfishness is also helped by knowing God loves you
and is taking care of you. Because God Almighty takes care of
you, you don't have to worry. Because God is your Source you
can freely give to others, without worry that your own needs
will not be met.

SAY THIS: I don't want to be selfish! Thank you Lord Jesus for
delivering me.