Christ Died For Ungodly People

ROMANS 5:6,8 GWN
6 Look at it this way: At the right time, while we were still
helpless, Christ died for ungodly people.
8 Christ died for us while we were still sinners. This
demonstrates God’s love for us.

Let's slow down and think about what verse 6 above told us by
restating it. Christ died for:

terrible people.
for people who are most unlike God.
for people so bad no one thinks there is any hope for them.

Why!

Why did Christ die for ungodly people? What was the purpose?
What good did it do? Why did Jesus do such a thing?

The answer is given in the rest of Romans 5. It tells the story
of how one man (Adam) got all humanity living under a curse and
the dominion of the devil because of his rebellion and
disobedience to God. But through what another man did (Jesus
Christ, who was God and became a man), salvation and
deliverance and freedom along with a restored relationship with
God is made available to all humanity.

By choosing the Lord Jesus Christ we are delivered from the
kingdom of darkness in which we were held captive (Colossians
1:13). This is not just for a select few who deserve it. It is
available tor all -- even the most terrible, the most ungodly.
Jesus died to set us all free.

It would be good for you to read the entire fifth chapter of
Romans several times and let the message soak deeply into your
thinking. God's love for you (and all humanity) caused Him to
put into action a plan to redeem us and set us free.

Jesus died as a demonstration of God's love in order to set
humanity free -- even those who were most ungodly. Jesus died
for them.

So what should your attitude be toward ungodly, terrible
people? Should you hate them? Should you tell them to go to
Hell?

NO! Jesus loved them enough to die for them! So you should tell
them about how much Jesus loves them and the provision He has
already made to set them free from their sins.

You should tell them the Good News! They are loved by God! God
has forgiven them! (2 Corinthians 5:19) They can be free!

It is not God's plan that people remain ungodly. He
demonstrated His love at Calvary so people will turn to Him and
allow Him to give them a new nature, making them His children.

SAY THIS: My Lord Jesus Christ died for sinners, to set them
free.