Mankind's Dominion

God did not create men and women to be puppets, robots, or
slaves.

GENESIS 1:26-28 NRS
26 Then God said, "Let us make humankind in our image,
according to our likeness; and let them have dominion over the
fish of the sea, and over the birds of the air, and over the
cattle, and over all the wild animals of the earth, and over
every creeping thing that creeps upon the earth."
27 So God created humankind in his image, in the image of God
he created them; male and female he created them.
28 God blessed them, and God said to them, "Be fruitful and
multiply, and fill the earth and subdue it; and have dominion
over the fish of the sea and over the birds of the air and over
every living thing that moves upon the earth."

Humans have been given dominion over every thing that moves on
earth. That would include the devil and his forces trying to
operate here on earth. So we should not allow the devil to
operate here!

PSALM 8:4-6 NRS
4 what are human beings that you are mindful of them, mortals
that you care for them?
5 Yet you have made them a little lower than God, and crowned
them with glory and honor.
6 You have given them dominion over the works of your hands;
you have put all things under their feet,

Even though mankind fell, God has never changed His purpose for
mankind, nor His decrees.

ROMANS 5:17 NRS
17 If, because of the one man's trespass, death exercised
dominion through that one, much more surely will those who
receive the abundance of grace and the free gift of
righteousness exercise dominion in life through the one man,
Jesus Christ.

Jesus came to redeem mankind from our fallen state, and restore
us back to the position of dominion God originally created us
to walk in. Now those who are in Christ are joint heirs with
Him (Romans 8:17).

Our dominion now is not to rule over other people. Jesus
perfectly illustrated for us during His earthly life how
mankind is supposed to live on earth and exercise our dominion.
But one day, those who are faithful will rule with Jesus over
the nations (Revelation 2:26).

SAY THIS: God gave me dominion -- not the devil.