Meeting Together

HEBREWS 10:25 KJV
25 Not forsaking the assembling of ourselves together, as the
manner of some is; but exhorting one another: and so much the
more, as ye see the day approaching.

While the Bible does warn us, in the above verse, not to
forsake meeting together with other believers, it never tells
us how often we should meet. Neither does it say when or where
we should meet.

When we meet together, God did not intend for it to be just a
ritual, but something beneficial.

It should be a time of fellowship, learning, sharing, giving,
receiving, and spiritual encouragement. A time to build one
another up by what the other members of the body supply.

1 CORINTHIANS 14:26 KJV
26 How is it then, brethren? when ye come together, every one
of you hath a psalm, hath a doctrine, hath a tongue, hath a
revelation, hath an interpretation. Let all things be done unto
edifying.

Although nothing is more important than receiving teaching to
help us understand and act on God's Word, that should not be
the only reason we meet together.

When the Bible was written, the only way to hear anointed
teaching of the Word was to physically gather together when a
Bible teacher was present. But today we are not limited to a
time or place, because of recorded media.

The reason for meeting together as believers is more than just
to listen to someone else "preach" to you. You need to become
involved.

A true "church meeting" does not require a large number of
people. In fact, a smaller group is often best, as it is easier
to share what you have and offer spiritual encouragement to
others, as well as receive it yourself.

MATTHEW 18:20 KJV
20 For where two or three are gathered together in my name,
there am I in the midst of them.

Even two believers discussing the Word during their lunch break
is a valid expression of a "church meeting" according to this
verse. Jesus promised us, as individual believers, He would
never leave us. So, clearly this verse must mean Jesus
expresses Himself in a special way, as members of His body meet
together in His Name.

The New Testament refers often to believers meeting in their
homes. There is no reason believers cannot meet anywhere: on a
commute to work, at a restaurant, at an office, or even in a
church building. The Bible sets no limitations.

Of course it is absolutely vital to regularly feed on teaching
from God's Word to stay built up spiritually. But today, that
can be accomplished anywhere and anytime.

But too many believers stop with only being fed the Word. They
never share and interact with others. So they don't grow and
develop as they should. You always learn better and receive
more when you share what you have already received.

No one knows everything. But we all have something to
contribute. You don't have to be a super-saint to be involved
with others. You can meet with another believer (or maybe a few
others): a friend, neighbor, or family member. Just discuss the
Word. Ask a question if you have one. Share an insight if you
have one. Maybe pray for one another. Things like this are the
reason to not forsake meeting together.

If your church-going is just a ritual, and all you get out of
it is no more than what you could get at home, then changes
need to be made. But please, do not fall into the trap of
criticizing others for what they do, or do not do.

SAY THIS: I will continue to meet with other believers.