Jesus Paid For Your Prosperity

ISAIAH 53:5 AMPLIFIED
5 But He was wounded for our transgressions, He was bruised for
our guilt and iniquities; the chastisement [needful to obtain]
peace and well-being for us was upon Him, and with the stripes
[that wounded] Him we are healed and made whole.

Jesus, by His sacrifice on Calvary, paid for your prosperity.

(The word translated peace in the verse above is "shalom." It
means well-being in every way, not just inward peace, but what
can be seen by others, and includes material prosperity.)

Everything Adam lost through the fall was reclaimed for mankind
by the sacrifice of Jesus (1 Corinthians 15:21-22, Romans 5:15-
19). Jesus took the punishment necessary for us to have peace
and perfect well-being.

With Jesus, God gave us everything He had (Romans 8:32). God is
not holding out on us. He has given us richly all things to
enjoy (1 Timothy 6:17).

All the blessings of Abraham are available now to all people
through Christ Jesus (Galatians 3:14). These blessings include
good standing and fellowship with God, abundant riches, and
long life (Genesis 13:2, Genesis 25:8). Abraham enjoyed all
these blessings because of His faith in God.

Jesus has been appointed heir of all things, including the
Earth, and we are now joint heirs with Jesus (Hebrews 1:2,
Romans 4:13, Romans 8:17).

But just as the children of Israel had to actively dispossess
the giants in order to possess their promised land, which God
said He had given to them, so we must actively possess our
inheritance in Christ Jesus. God's promises must be actively
received by faith.

We possess what God said is ours, not by killing those who
possess it now, or stealing from them, but by blessing them. As
we bless others through ways like providing excellent goods and
services, in return we prosper by God's blessing. By helping
others we are blessed.

While all things are ours, we reap a harvest of blessing based
on what we sow. It is like we inherited the whole farm, and are
therefore rich, but if we don't plant anything, not much of
value will be produced. So our prosperity is given to us in
seed form.

Now we live by the perfect law of liberty: whatever we sow, we
reap, multiplied (Luke 6:38, Galatians 6:7).

God does not send money out of Heaven. But He does send ideas.
If we obey the ideas and put them into action, we will reap a
rich harvest of God's blessing.

Jesus is our wisdom (1 Corinthians 1:30). As we allow Him to
live His life in and through us, His wisdom will cause us to
increase and prosper in all we do.

Jesus said God feeds the birds (Matthew 6:26), yet we see they
have to gather their food. God does not carry food to their
nest and put it in their mouths. In the same way, God is also
our provider, but we must do as He directs. We cannot be lazy
or rebellious and expect blessing.

We don't have to earn God's prosperity. Jesus already paid the
full price for us. We cannot add to the perfect sacrifice of
Jesus. But we can only receive this blessing through faith
(Romans 5:2). So we must believe it!

When we believe something, we will act on it. If we believe
prosperity belongs to us, we will not allow the devil to steal
it from us. So we must resist doubt and unbelief, tools used by
the devil to steal from us.

SAY THIS: Jesus already paid for my prosperity.