No One Is Born Mature

EPHESIANS 4:13-15 ESV
13 until we all attain to the unity of the faith and of the
knowledge of the Son of God, to mature manhood, to the measure
of the stature of the fullness of Christ,
14 so that we may no longer be children . . . .
15 Rather, speaking the truth in love, we are to grow up in
every way into him who is the head, into Christ,

Ultimately, God plans for you to grow up in every way into
being like Jesus Christ.

But no one is born mature and fully developed -- either
physically or spiritually.

When we receive Jesus Christ, His life enters our inner being,
causing us to be born again as a child of God (John 3:3). We
enter God's family by pure grace, not because of any effort or
virtue of our own.

The moment we are born again, we have all the rights and
privileges purchased for us by the death of our wonderful Lord,
Jesus Christ.

But we have to learn who we are, what is ours, and how to walk
in it. We must learn to use the authority God has given us. (The
only reliable source of this information is the New Testament.)

When we are born again spiritually, we are born equipped with
everything we will ever need, just as a human child is born
with a brain and all the muscles it will ever have. Yet, no
baby can write textbooks or win athletic events. But we
understand that they have that potential, needing only time and
nutrition to grow and mature.

1 JOHN 5:4 ERV
4 because everyone who is a child of God has the power to win
against the world.

We are born again spiritually with everything in place. We
don't need to beg God to give us something else to put us over.
We just need to grow and develop what God has already put
within us.

2 PETER 1:3 ESV
3 His divine power has granted to us all things that pertain to
life and godliness, through the knowledge of him who called us
to his own glory and excellence,

God has already given His children all things that pertain to
life and godliness. So we need to learn to walk in what God has
already provided for us.

2 PETER 3:18 ESV
18 But grow in the grace and knowledge of our Lord and Savior
Jesus Christ. To him be the glory both now and to the day of
eternity. Amen.

Christianity is not just about being born again and going to
Heaven. Being born again is just the first step. God intends
for us to grow and mature.

1 PETER 2:2 NKJ
2 as newborn babes, desire the pure milk of the word, that you
may grow thereby,

SAY THIS: God's plan for me is to grow up spiritually. When I
am mature I will be like Jesus Christ.