Don't Love Money

1 TIMOTHY 6:10 ESV
10 For the love of money is a root of all kinds of evils. It is
through this craving that some have wandered away from the
faith and pierced themselves with many pangs.

Many think the Bible says money is evil but it does not. What
it actually says is the love of money causes evil. The meaning
is that when people love money they will do evil things to
obtain it.

While not all evil is caused by the love of money (rape is an
example), there are many different kinds of evil that have the
love of money as their true motivation.

Money has deceived many. They think it will bring them
happiness, but it disappoints.

Money cannot buy happiness or real love. Money will never love
you back.

1 TIMOTHY 6:17 ESV
17 As for the rich in this present age, charge them not to be
haughty, nor to set their hopes on the uncertainty of riches,
but on God, who richly provides us with everything to enjoy.

Our Father God is our true Source who will never fail us. He
alone deserves our love and our faith. But money has a history
of disappointment and failure.

HEBREWS 13:5 ESV
5 Keep your life free from love of money, and be content with
what you have, for he has said, "I will never leave you nor
forsake you."

As children of God we do not have to place our hope in money to
take care of us, for we have the promise of God that He will
always be with us and provide for us. We should not allow
doubt to rob us of this blessing.

MATTHEW 13:22 ESV
22 As for what was sown among thorns, this is the one who hears
the word, but the cares of the world and the deceitfulness of
riches choke the word, and it proves unfruitful.

Please notice it is not riches that choke the Word, but the
deceitfulness of riches. Believing lies about riches is what
chokes the Word and keeps it from producing good fruit in
people's lives.

ACTS 20:35 AMPLIFIED
35 In everything I have pointed out to you [by example] that,
by working diligently in this manner, we ought to assist the
weak, being mindful of the words of the Lord Jesus, how He
Himself said, It is more blessed (makes one happier and more to
be envied) to give than to receive.

Here is a truth too few have learned: happiness is not achieved
by getting, but rather by giving. No matter how much you
accumulate, it will never satisfy you. You will always want
more. But when you recognize that God is your Source and you
can give without worrying about your own needs, you can enter
into great freedom and joy.

Can you be a lover of money and also be a continual giver? No!
Those who love money are not willing to part with it. Although
they may part with some for the purpose of gaining more money,
they will never focus on giving, for they are interested in
getting, not giving to others.

SAY THIS: I will not be deceived by money, loving it and
trusting it, instead of God.