Some More Truths About Money

* People who are generous givers are blessed.

2 CORINTHIANS 9:6 NKJ
6 But this I say: He who sows sparingly will also reap
sparingly, and he who sows bountifully will also reap
bountifully.

PROVERBS 11:25 NKJ
25 The generous soul will be made rich, And he who waters will
also be watered himself.

These verses reveal truth, but not all truth. So we cannot
ignore all the rest of God's instruction and expect to prosper
just because we give something.

* God does not require everyone to give away everything they
have.

But He does tell all those who are rich to be generous givers
and not trust in their riches (1 Timothy 6:17-18).

Jesus told one specific man to give away everything, but did
not require this of everyone. As Jesus' disciple, we must be
willing to give our all (Luke 14:33). But Jesus does not
require that be done before we can enter His kingdom.

* God is pleased when His servants have an abundance.

PSALM 35:27 NKJ
27 Let them shout for joy and be glad, Who favor my righteous
cause; And let them say continually, "Let the LORD be
magnified, Who has pleasure in the prosperity of His servant."

1 TIMOTHY 5:17 NLT
17 Elders who do their work well should be respected and paid
well, especially those who work hard at both preaching and
teaching.

* Jesus became poor to redeem humanity from the curse of
poverty, so everyone could always have an abundant supply.

2 CORINTHIANS 8:9 NKJ
9 For you know the grace of our Lord Jesus Christ, that though
He was rich, yet for your sakes He became poor, that you
through His poverty might become rich.

* Because of all Jesus Christ has done for us, we should put
Him first and live for Him.

2 CORINTHIANS 5:15 NKJ
15 and He died for all, that those who live should live no
longer for themselves, but for Him who died for them and rose
again.

PROVERBS 3:9-10 NKJ
9 Honor the LORD with your possessions, And with the
firstfruits of all your increase;
10 So your barns will be filled with plenty, And your vats will
overflow with new wine.

SAY THIS: Thank You Lord for showing me what the Bible teaches
about money.