You Are Rich Because Of What Jesus Did

2 CORINTHIANS 8:9 NLT
9 You know the generous grace of our Lord Jesus Christ. Though
he was rich, yet for your sakes he became poor, so that by his
poverty he could make you rich.

God placed the first humans, Adam and Eve, in a garden paradise
where all their needs were abundantly supplied, with never a
thought of lack.

But through disobedience to God mankind fell, and a curse came
on the earth. After man sinned then the devil had access to
people and brought in stealing, killing, and destruction.

All poverty and lack in the earth today is the result of that
curse, and the devil is behind it.

Jesus came to redeem us and set us free from this curse. It
cost Jesus His life, shedding His blood to free us.

HEBREWS 2:14b NLT
14 For only as a human being could he die, and only by dying
could he break the power of the devil, who had the power of
death.

Jesus died not only so your sins would be forgiven, but also to
free you from the the devil and the curse sin produced.

Jesus' death legally frees you from all the curse. But you have
to stand up for what belongs to you. You have to assert the
rights Jesus paid for you to enjoy.

1 JOHN 3:8b NLT
8 But the Son of God came to destroy the works of the devil.

Prosperity was purchased for all by the sacrifice of Jesus at
Calvary. The reason we don't have it is because we either don't
know it belongs to us, or we are allowing the devil to steal it
from us.

On the cross Jesus suffered true poverty and lack. It was not
because of anything He did wrong, but for our redemption. By
His sacrifice, provision was made for our finances. On the
cross Jesus took the curses we deserved, so that we might
receive as a gift the blessings Jesus deserved.

ISAIAH 53:5 AMPLIFIED
5 But He was wounded for our transgressions, He was bruised for
our guilt and iniquities; the chastisement [needful to obtain]
peace and well-being for us was upon Him, and with the stripes
[that wounded] Him we are healed and made whole.

Jesus paid the price necessary for you to obtain peace and
well-being. The word translated as peace is "shalom." It means
well-being in every way, not just inward peace, but what can be
seen by others, and definitely includes material prosperity.

Jesus died so that you could always have enough. His death
purchased prosperity for you. Jesus died that you might have
life, and have it in all its fullness (John 10:10).

GALATIANS 4:7 NLT
7 Now you are no longer a slave but God's own child. And since
you are his child, God has made you his heir.

After you receive Jesus, you are no longer a broke beggar, but
a child of Almighty God (John 1:12).

Just like a well-loved child of a billionaire can say, "I am
rich!" even when they have no money in their pocket, you can
say the same thing and tell the truth.

Your heavenly Father is rich beyond compare, and He chose to
make you His heir, and give you everything!

When God gave us Jesus, He gave us everything because
everything belongs to Jesus (Romans 8:32, Hebrews 1:2).

You should not have to wait until you have money in your hand
to believe what God said. You can have confidence that He will
always provide for you abundantly. So you will always have a
full supply, and that is one definition of rich.

SAY THIS: Because of what Jesus did for me, I am truly rich in
every way.