Is Desiring To Be Rich Wrong?

1 TIMOTHY 6:9 NKJ
9 But those who desire to be rich fall into temptation and a
snare, and into many foolish and harmful lusts which drown men
in destruction and perdition.

This verse seems to warn against any desire to be rich.
Actually, as some other translations say, it is more of a
longing to be rich, or a supreme goal to be rich that is being
addressed.

This is talking about more than a simple desire -- for every
normal human should desire to improve and increase.

It is talking about a driving desire that causes you to be
susceptible to temptations to do wrong, because you are willing
to do anything to achieve your goal of being rich. It is
talking about a person who is obsessed with being rich. Someone
who puts every other interest behind the primary goal of being
rich, no matter what it requires.

Do you desire to be rich? Let me ask it this way: "Would you
rather be rich or poor?" "Would you rather have more than you
need so you can share with others, or would you rather have
less than you need so others must help you?"

Unless their thinking has been warped by religious teaching,
every sane person would admit they desire to be rich, as
opposed to the alternative of being poor.

Yet at first glance, this verse in 1 Timothy 6:9 seems to
indicate that this normal and healthy human desire is somehow
evil and should be avoided.

The New Testament was written in Greek, and achieving a perfect
translation from one language to another is never easy. It
should be obvious that the word "desire" in 1 Timothy 6:9 is
referring to something much stronger than a simple preference
for prosperity.

So it is not being rich, or a preference for being rich, that
causes all the problems spoken of in 1 Timothy 6:9, but having
an uncontrolled, driving desire to be rich at any cost that
causes those problems.

Only a few verses later, we read verse 17 which says nothing to
condemn those who are rich.

1 TIMOTHY 6:17 NKJ
17 Command those who are rich in this present age not to be
haughty, nor to trust in uncertain riches but in the living
God, who gives us richly all things to enjoy.

God has provided richly for us. His intention is that we enjoy
what He has created and provided for us.

God put within us the desire to grow and improve, to increase
and overcome obstacles, and also to enjoy beauty and order.
Mankind was created and placed in a garden of pleasure, the
Garden of Eden, a paradise. It is not wrong for us to strive to
return to that state. God made us that way.

It only becomes wrong when we are willing to mistreat and take
advantage of others in our quest to prosper.

It is not wrong for you to have nice things. But it is wrong to
have no concern for others, and be willing to mistreat them in
order to obtain what you desire for yourself.

SAY THIS: It is not wrong to desire increase. But it is wrong
to make that my primary goal in life, without regard to the
needs and desires of others.