To Die Is Gain

PHILIPPIANS 1:21-23 NKJ
21 For to me, to live is Christ, and to die is gain.
22 But if I live on in the flesh, this will mean fruit from my
labor; yet what I shall choose I cannot tell.
23 For I am hard pressed between the two, having a desire to
depart and be with Christ, which is far better.

A Christian should not be afraid to die. Dying is a promotion
for a Christian into a better situation -- something to look
forward to, not to dread.

Too many Christians are still controlled by the fear of death.
It stops them from doing the will of God. Fear keeps them from
walking in faith, because they are afraid to die.

For example, there are places where they say the Gospel of
Jesus cannot be preached. According to their laws, it is
punishable by death. But why should that stop Christians from
obeying God's Word to preach the Good News about Jesus to every
person?

The fear of death should never control our lives!

What a privilege and honor it would be to die for our wonderful
Lord Jesus Christ! Instead of fearing that, we should rejoice
about the idea, the possibility of it happening.

REVELATION 12:11 NLT
11 And they have defeated him by the blood of the Lamb and by
their testimony. And they did not love their lives so much that
they were afraid to die.

For us to always walk in total victory, we can't walk in fear.

HEBREWS 2:14-15 NKJ
14 Inasmuch then as the children have partaken of flesh and
blood, He Himself likewise shared in the same, that through
death He might destroy him who had the power of death, that is,
the devil,
15 and release those who through fear of death were all their
lifetime subject to bondage.

Through His sacrifice Jesus set us free from bondage to the
fear of death. Jesus removed the sting from death for us. Now
death for us is just a promotion into a better place.

When someone who believes in Jesus Christ leaves their body in
what we call death, they immediately go to be with Jesus in
heaven.

And heaven is wonderful beyond your wildest expectation. No one
who has gone to heaven would ever prefer to come back to earth.
Heaven is vastly superior! You will love it!

SAY THIS: I have no fear of death.