Believers Can Do These Things

MARK 16:17-18 NLT
17 These miraculous signs will accompany those who believe:
They will cast out demons in my name, and they will speak in
new languages.
18 They will be able to handle snakes with safety, and if they
drink anything poisonous, it won’t hurt them. They will be able
to place their hands on the sick, and they will be healed.”

If you were asked what humans can do, you might say humans can
do things like walk, talk, sing, and even reproduce.

And you would be correct. Yet babies cannot do even one of
those things, and they are human beings!

So when God says these signs will follow believers, we have
been told the truth. But that does not mean it will happen
automatically and instantly.

(There is no Biblical justification for anyone trying to prove
they can do things like handle snakes or drink poison without
harm. The context is about believers going into all the world
to proclaim the Good News of Jesus. As they do, the promise of
God is that nothing can stop them, not demons, dangerous
animals, or dangerous food and water. Paul shaking off the
snake in Acts 28:3-6 is an example of how to understand this
passage correctly.)

A human parent might say "When I have children, they will be
able to do what I do" and we would have no trouble believing
that. It seems God has done a similar thing, saying, in effect,
"This is what my children will be able to do."

Should we call God a liar just because on the first day they
are born all of His children don't do everything He says His
children will be able to do?

It's always a mistake to argue with God. Instead we should
accept what He said and learn how to walk in it.

We are born again (spiritually) with all the capability of
children of God, but we must grow, develop, and learn to walk
in the authority we have been given.

JOHN 14:12 CEV
12 I tell you for certain that if you have faith in me, you
will do the same things that I am doing. You will do even
greater things, now that I am going back to the Father.

Jesus even said we would do the same things He did! But it
takes faith. So until we believe, it won't happen.

1 JOHN 5:4 CEV
4 Every child of God can defeat the world, and our faith is
what gives us this victory.

SAY THIS: I am a believer in Jesus Christ, so I can do what the
Bible says I can do.