You Are A Child Of God

JOHN 1:12 NKJ
12 But as many as received Him, to them He gave the right to
become children of God, to those who believe in His name:

If you have received Jesus Christ, you are a child of Almighty
God.

ROMANS 8:16 NKJ
16 The Spirit Himself bears witness with our spirit that we are
children of God,

1 JOHN 3:2 NKJ
2 Beloved, now we are children of God; and it has not yet been
revealed what we shall be, but we know that when He is
revealed, we shall be like Him, for we shall see Him as He is.

The words in the Bible are meant to reveal to us truth so we
will picture it clearly in our minds. God used pictures of
things we understand to communicate how He looks at us, and how
He feels toward us. One of those pictures is that Father God
wants you to see yourself as His child. That means He wants you
to expect His protection, His provision, His training, and His
love. For God is a perfect parent!

No one expects a young child to provide for their own needs.
Instead, we expect a child will be loved and cared for by its
parents.

Parents usually are quite pleased when their child does
anything that shows they are making progress. Like when it
takes its first steps, or draws them a picture.

If you are a parent, I am sure you were excited when your child
first began to speak to you. To other people it may have
sounded like "goo goo" but to you it was wonderful. This is the
same way our Father God feels. He wants us to communicate with
Him. We may not know all the "right words" to say, or even how
to say them, but God is thrilled when we start attempting to
pray and communicate with Him.

At first we may not understand Him perfectly, but we can be
confident that He perfectly understands every thought of our
heart. And as we grow we can expect to learn to understand
God's communication with us more clearly, too.

So, don't hesitate to pray because you think you don't know
how. God your Father just wants to hear from you. He delights
in you!

Don't hesitate to begin walking in faith and love. Just like a
human baby's first steps, you will likely fall a few times, but
when you do, Father God will be there to pick you up and cheer
you on.

SAY THIS: God has delight that I am His child.