The Message Of Revelation

REVELATION 1:1 NKJ
1 The Revelation of Jesus Christ, which God gave Him to show
His servants -- things which must shortly take place. And He
sent and signified it by His angel to His servant John,

Books on the "end times" are very popular. People are
interested in knowing the future.

Some think the Book of Revelation is a step-by-step guide to
what will happen in the future, but not every Bible teacher
agrees with this interpretation.

Although I taught on the Book of Revelation in a Bible School,
I admit I don't have it all figured out.

But the first verse reveals what is the true subject of the
Book of Revelation -- Jesus Christ. It is about the victory of
Jesus Christ, revealing to us that He will triumph over and
banish all evil.

The Book of Revelation is supposed to give us comfort and
encouragement, not by revealing to us the Antichrist, but by
revealing to us the victorious Christ.

At one time I thought I needed to thoroughly understand the
Book of Revelation so I could know the future. Now I realize my
motivation was more one of fear and lack of trust in God than
anything else.

We don't have to know the future in order to be safe, because
we know the One who holds us and the future in His hands. He
has promised to provide for us and protect us. We can trust Him
and not be afraid.

Nations come and go. But God, and His Word, are forever.

All God's promises will always be true. He will take care of
His people no matter what happens. Period. God loves us and He
is faithful. We don't have to worry about the future. All we
need to do is trust God and obey Him, day by day.

So what is the primary message of the Book of Revelation? Very
simple. Jesus Christ comes out on top. He puts an end to all
the evil and suffering and misery in this world. And it will be
worth it to remain true to Him -- even through all the evil
this world is currently experiencing.

Jesus wins! Those who stick with Him also win!

That's the message!

SAY THIS: The Book of Revelation reveals the triumph of my Lord
Jesus Christ and His elimination of all evil.