Seed, Time and Harvest

GENESIS 8:22 NIV
22 "As long as the earth endures, seedtime and harvest, cold
and heat, summer and winter, day and night will never cease."

Planting seeds. Then harvesting the crop. As long as the earth
exists, this is the way things work on earth.

This is true in the spiritual realm as well as in the physical
realm. The Bible teaches that our words and our actions are the
seeds we plant, that produce a harvest in our life.

If we are merciful to others, we will be treated with mercy. If
we show love and respect, others will show love and respect to
us. If we speak words of faith and blessing, good things will
increase in our lives. But if we continually speak fear, doubt,
and trouble, life will not go well for us.

GALATIANS 6:7 NIV
7 Do not be deceived: God cannot be mocked. A man reaps what he
sows.

The world has a saying based on this principle, "what goes
around, comes around." We reap what we sow. Using modern terms,
we harvest what we plant. And the more we plant, the larger our
harvest will be, good or bad.

(Fortunately, because of the sacrifice of Jesus on our behalf,
we can receive forgiveness and cleansing from our sins and not
reap the harvest of death and failure we deserve.)

GALATIANS 3:13a NLT
13 But Christ has rescued us from the curse pronounced by the
law. When he was hung on the cross, he took upon himself the
curse for our wrongdoing.

1 JOHN 1:9 NKJ
9 If we confess our sins, He is faithful and just to forgive us
our sins and to cleanse us from all unrighteousness.

Too many people think God "moves in mysterious ways" and any
spiritual blessing we may receive is just like winning the
lottery -- entirely by chance. But the Bible teaches us that
the kingdom of God operates on the "seed principle."

2 CORINTHIANS 9:6 NIV
6 Remember this: Whoever sows sparingly will also reap
sparingly, and whoever sows generously will also reap
generously.

So the wise course of action is to continually give out what
you would like to receive. If you desire respect, respect
others. Would you like people to give you things? Then
continually look for opportunities to give to others.

LUKE 6:38 NLT
38 Give, and you will receive. Your gift will return to you in
full -- pressed down, shaken together to make room for more,
running over, and poured into your lap. The amount you give
will determine the amount you get back. "

Seed, Time, and then Harvest is how God operates.

When Jesus wanted to explain to people how God operates in His
Kingdom (or rule), He told them it could be illustrated by
planting a seed, which will then grow, and produce a harvest.

MARK 4:30-32 NLT
30 Jesus said, "How can I describe the Kingdom of God? What
story should I use to illustrate it?
31 It is like a mustard seed planted in the ground. It is the
smallest of all seeds,
32 but it becomes the largest of all garden plants; it grows
long branches, and birds can make nests in its shade."

When seed is planted, it grows up, and increases.

First you have the seed, which must be planted. Then the seed
grows. Growth takes time. This is why it can be helpful to
remember this principle as "seed, time, and then harvest."
Those are the three phases of receiving what God has provided
for you. Plant the seed. Be patient and keep believing while
the seed grows. Then you will reap a harvest of blessing.

Jesus said this is the way He could illustrate how the whole
kingdom (or rule of God) works.

SAY THIS: After I plant good seeds, I expect a good harvest.