God Enjoys Happy Children

1 CHRONICLES 16:31 NET
31 Let the heavens rejoice, and the earth be happy! Let the
nations say, 'The LORD reigns!'

There is plenty to be unhappy about on earth. But we can always
be happy about the Lord and what He has done for us. We don't
have to continually focus on the bad things happening around
us.

When we rejoice in the Lord it makes us feel better, and the
Lord enjoys it, also.

ZEPHANIAH 3:17 NLT
17 For the LORD your God is living among you. He is a mighty
savior. He will take delight in you with gladness. With his
love, he will calm all your fears. He will rejoice over you
with joyful songs."

God rejoices over you! He loves you more than you realize!

God created you to live with positive emotions. He is happy and
He wants you to be happy, too.

DEUTERONOMY 12:7 NLT
7 There you and your families will feast in the presence of the
LORD your God, and you will rejoice in all you have
accomplished because the LORD your God has blessed you.

Under the Old Covenant God set aside times each year for His
people to gather and rejoice in His goodness. We should learn
from this that it is good to celebrate God's goodness.

ISAIAH 65:18 NLT
18 Be glad; rejoice forever in my creation! And look! I will
create Jerusalem as a place of happiness. Her people will be a
source of joy.

God's creation should cause us to delight in our wonderful
Father God and His amazing ability, creativity, and love.

The Lord enjoys seeing His children grow up to become like Him.
God likes us to be joyful and happy -- just like He is. It is a
choice we can make!

JOEL 2:21 NLT
21 Don't be afraid, my people. Be glad now and rejoice, for the
LORD has done great things.

Life is not always easy and perfect. The natural flow on earth
is not happiness. But by faith we can look past our temporary
circumstances to our eternal God. We can choose to rejoice and
be happy regardless of our circumstances. This is part of God's
instruction that will enable us to walk in victory and
overcome.

PHILIPPIANS 4:4 NLT
4 Always be full of joy in the Lord. I say it again -- rejoice!

SAY THIS: I am one of God's happy children.