Love Is At War

1 JOHN 4:8 CEB
8 The person who doesn't love does not know God, because God is
love.

The Bible reveals that God is Love, and that Love is at war.

1 JOHN 3:8b CEB
8 God's Son appeared for this purpose: to destroy the works of
the devil.

Why is Love at war, and against whom?

Love lost something very precious when Adam and Eve rebelled
and followed satan. Their hearts and minds were captured by
lies.

Love is not warring against people, but against selfishness,
hatred, fear, and ignorance.

If Love went to war, how would Love fight?

Love wages war not by destroying its enemies, but by winning
them over, converting them to Truth.

Love never harms those it takes captive.

When Love wins a battle, there are no casualties, only winners.

2 CORINTHIANS 10:4-5 CEB
4 Our weapons that we fight with aren't human, but instead they
are powered by God for the destruction of fortresses. They
destroy arguments,
5 and every defense that is raised up to oppose the knowledge
of God. They capture every thought to make it obedient to
Christ.

Love's war is for truth to prevail. Lies from the enemy have
kept God's creation in bondage, but truth (acted upon) sets
people free (John 8:31-32).

Genesis 3:1-5 reveals the devil's tactics, which remain the
same today. His first statement to Adam and Eve was to say that
what God told them was not true. Then he implied that God was
acting selfishly by withholding what would benefit them,
insinuating that God did not really care for them.

Ever since the Garden of Eden, satan has continued feeding
mankind false propaganda against God, making us think God was
unfair, unloving, uncaring, and unreliable.

But satan is a liar!

Love could not win the argument with just words. Action was
required. God needed to prove all the devil's propaganda
against Him was wrong. This is the reason why God became a man,
and why He died on the cross at Calvary.

It is impossible to prove you are not an uncaring dictator by
issuing decrees. You can only demonstrate that you have an
unselfish, loving nature by actions.

ROMANS 5:8 NJB
8 So it is proof of God's own love for us, that Christ died for
us while we were still sinners.

Jesus won the decisive battle at Calvary, but not everyone
clearly understands yet what happened there. When everyone
knows the full truth, the war will be over.

God does not force His deliverance, blessing, and love on
people, but allows us all to make choices.

Many don't yet believe God is good and loves them. But Love is
determined to win the hearts of humanity. And Love will not
fail!

SAY THIS: Love is at war with lies, so that all may know the
truth and be set free.