Job's Blessings

JOB 42:12-17 NIV
12 The LORD blessed the latter part of Job's life more than the
first. He had fourteen thousand sheep, six thousand camels, a
thousand yoke of oxen and a thousand donkeys.
13 And he also had seven sons and three daughters.
14 The first daughter he named Jemimah, the second Keziah and
the third Keren-Happuch.
15 Nowhere in all the land were there found women as beautiful
as Job's daughters, and their father granted them an
inheritance along with their brothers.
16 After this, Job lived a hundred and forty years; he saw his
children and their children to the fourth generation.
17 And so he died, old and full of years.

Many people talk about Job's trials, but few tell the end of
his story.

This is the same view many have of their own life. They are
looking only at their present circumstances, and not looking
forward to what the Lord has planned for their future.

JAMES 5:11 NIV
11 As you know, we count as blessed those who have persevered.
You have heard of Job's perseverance and have seen what the
Lord finally brought about. The Lord is full of compassion and
mercy.

The devil tried to steal Job's faith and destroy him (Job 2:7).
But God protected Job and brought about blessing in his life.

After the devil's attack, Job not only regained all he
previously lost, but gained twice as much as before.

Because of God's blessing, Job lived a long and healthy life
with great wealth.

Job had the most beautiful daughters in the land, and you can't
have beautiful daughters without a beautiful wife.

Job also had the privilege of knowing God better than He did
before.

This is what the Lord has in mind for you, too. Blessings! It
is not God's plan for you to remain oppressed in any situation
of pain or lack.

Never forget that God is working, and things will change. Keep
your focus on God! Trust in Him! Rejoice in hope, expecting a
better future.

HEBREWS 6:12 NIV
12 We do not want you to become lazy, but to imitate those who
through faith and patience inherit what has been promised.

We have to continue in faith. We can't be moved by the present
(temporary) circumstances, no matter how difficult they may
seem.

SAY THIS: Job was greatly blessed of God. That's God's plan for
me, too!