You Have Guaranteed Provision

1 TIMOTHY 5:8 NIV
8 Anyone who does not provide for their relatives, and
especially for their own household, has denied the faith and is
worse than an unbeliever.

Now that you have received Jesus you are a child of God. God
will never be worse than an unbeliever -- He will always
provide for His own family. That includes you. Stop and think
about this fact!

LUKE 12:22,24,27-32 NLT
22 Then, turning to his disciples, Jesus said, "That is why I
tell you not to worry about everyday life -- whether you have
enough food to eat or enough clothes to wear.
24 Look at the ravens. They don't plant or harvest or store
food in barns, for God feeds them. And you are far more
valuable to him than any birds!
27 "Look at the lilies and how they grow. They don't work or
make their clothing, yet Solomon in all his glory was not
dressed as beautifully as they are.
28 And if God cares so wonderfully for flowers that are here
today and thrown into the fire tomorrow, he will certainly care
for you. Why do you have so little faith?
29 "And don't be concerned about what to eat and what to drink.
Don't worry about such things.
30 These things dominate the thoughts of unbelievers all over
the world, but your Father already knows your needs.
31 Seek the Kingdom of God above all else, and he will give you
everything you need.
32 "So don't be afraid, little flock. For it gives your Father
great happiness to give you the Kingdom.

In God's kingdom there is no lack. A kingdom is a king's
dominion, where a king rules. When you allow King Jesus to rule
in your life, you are part of His kingdom.

COLOSSIANS 1:13 NLT
13 For he has rescued us from the kingdom of darkness and
transferred us into the Kingdom of his dear Son,

When you receive Jesus Christ you become a citizen of His
kingdom, so He is responsible for your welfare.

MATTHEW 6:31-33 CEB
31 Therefore, don't worry and say, 'What are we going to eat?'
or 'What are we going to drink?' or 'What are we going to
wear?'
32 Gentiles long for all these things. Your heavenly Father
knows that you need them.
33 Instead, desire first and foremost God's kingdom and God's
righteousness, and all these things will be given to you as
well.

Instead of worrying about your provision, your focus should be
God's will. This passage mentions two things: being in God's
kingdom and having righteousness (which means right standing
with God).

Everyone who believes on Jesus is now in God's kingdom, and has
been given righteousness as a free gift (Romans 3:22, 5:17). So
you have God's promise that if you are in His kingdom and in
right standing with Him, you need not worry about provision,
for God will provide for you.

This promise of God is not based on what you deserve or what
you are able to do. If you belong to God, He will provide for
you. No matter where you are, or what you are facing, this is
God's promise of basic provision for you.

If necessary, God will multiply food or have ravens bring it to
you, like He did for Elijah (1 Kings 17:2-6).

But if you refuse to believe God will provide for you, your
doubt will open the door for the devil to steal God's provision
from you. Then, even though God was faithful to provide for
you, you may not receive it.

If there is any lack, it is because the devil has stolen your
provision through unbelief. God's will is always for you and
your family to have more than enough.

This basic provision is not the maximum blessing you can live
in, but even if your faith is weak, this is God's guarantee for
you. If you trust God and obey Him, He will provide for you
even more abundantly.

SAY THIS: God promised to provide for me!