How Do I Get Faith?

Faith in God and His Word operates on the same principles as
faith in anything else. Faith comes from the information you
receive. Information can come to you through any of your five
senses, or from your spirit.  When you decide to accept any
information as worthy of being acted upon, it becomes part of
your belief system. That is how you get faith.

(Remember that, in the New Testament, faith is the noun form
and believe is the verb form of the same word.)

Each one of us chooses whether we will believe something, based
on our evaluation of the evidence presented to us.

No one was born with beliefs. Every belief you now have was
acquired as a decision you made at some point in your life. You
decided to believe what you now believe.

Since every belief you have came as a result of a decision you
made, every belief can also be changed by another decision.

But because faith is always based on some evidence, we must
have evidence that convinces us before we can change any
belief.

Life constantly presents us with evidence which forces us to
make decisions, based on this question, "Is this evidence
sufficient to accept as truth?"

The primary evidence God has given us so we may have faith in
Him is His Word. God is not a liar; He can be trusted. Whatever
God says, always comes to pass.

ROMANS 10:17 HCSB
17 So faith comes from what is heard, and what is heard comes
through the message about Christ.

A literal translation of Romans 10:17 tells us that faith
results from accepting the God message.

How does someone get faith in God? By being presented with
truth about God, and accepting it as the truth. Faith in God
comes by choosing to accept the message of God.

We must not restrict our understanding of how faith comes to
our physical sense of hearing. Every way we can receive
information about God is an avenue that can bring us faith.

Bible faith can result from what is seen according to John 20:8
and 20:29. Faith in God can also come through the sense of
touch. Otherwise no deaf and blind person could ever be saved,
for they receive the message of God through reading braille
with their fingers.

You can go to the Bible and decide to believe it. Then you will
have faith in God, for the Bible is God's written Word. We get
faith in God by making a decision to accept God’s written Word,
the Bible, as truth worthy of being acted upon.

So if someone says they don't have much faith, the solution for
them is to see the evidence from God's Word on that subject,
then choose to accept what God said as true.

SAY THIS: I get faith by making a decision to accept God's Word
as truth worthy of acting upon.