Words Will Judge You

MATTHEW 12:36-37 NKJ
36 "But I say to you that for every idle word men may speak,
they will give account of it in the day of judgment.
37 "For by your words you will be justified, and by your words
you will be condemned."

ROMANS 10:9-10 NKJ
9 that if you confess with your mouth the Lord Jesus and
believe in your heart that God has raised Him from the dead,
you will be saved.
10 For with the heart one believes to righteousness, and with
the mouth confession is made to salvation.

The reason we are taking time to look at the importance of
words is because most believers have neglected this area of
studying what the Bible teaches. So we need to spend extra time
on this subject.

Looking at Matthew 12:36-37 we see that according to Jesus our
words will play a big part in judging us. You may wonder why
that is the case, instead of just being judged by our actions.
Because words precede actions. What you say indicates what you
are thinking -- what is in your heart -- and all action is
dictated by what is inside us.

Also, notice in Romans 10:9 the important part given to
confessing the Lord Jesus in salvation. It is not enough to
just believe in our heart -- we must also confess with our
mouth that Jesus is Lord. (Confess  means to speak in agreement
with. In this case we are agreeing with what God has said, that
Jesus is Lord.) This is the way faith works in every area. You
must combine believing in your heart and speaking with your
mouth.

This is not restricted to some future time of judgment. It is
working right now. Today "with the mouth confession is made
unto salvation (which means deliverance)." If you are in
bondage today, you can change it by the words you speak.

I did not say, "Just speak a word and you will be free." This
involves a change in what you believe in your heart. It
involves changing what is coming out of your mouth all day --
not just for a few minutes when you decide to "speak the Word."
But you have to start and now is the best time to get started.

SAY THIS: Lord, please help me to get started, and keep on,
speaking in agreement with Your Word.