Plead The Blood

Pleading the Blood of Jesus is not begging -- but a legal term.

REVELATION 12:10-11 NKJ
10 . . . the accuser of our brethren, who accused them before
our God day and night, has been cast down.
11 "And they overcame him by the blood of the Lamb and by the
word of their testimony, and they did not love their lives to
the death.

The devil is our accuser. The only successful plea is the Blood
of Jesus. Pleading our ignorance, our innocence, or our merits
will fail. Only relying on the Blood of our substitute
sacrifice, the Lamb of God, will win our case before God the
Judge.

When we pray, we should base our prayer on the Blood of Jesus
-- the price paid for our needs to be met -- instead of on our
need or our worthiness.

When we resist the devil, we cannot resist him based on who we
are or what we have done, but only on the price paid for our
complete redemption -- the precious Blood of Jesus.

Faith in Jesus' Blood, released in testimony against the devil,
will always cause him to flee. We must resist him, steadfast in
faith, for as long as it takes.

Our enemy can always be overcome by the Blood of the Lamb and
the word of our testimony. We have victory over every evil
because of Jesus' shed Blood.

PSALM 107:2 NKJ
2 Let the redeemed of the Lord say so, Whom He has redeemed
from the hand of the enemy,

We must SAY we are redeemed by the Blood of the Lamb. Here are
some example statements you could use in pleading the Blood.

In the Name of Jesus, I plead the Blood of the Lord Jesus
Christ against this problem.

I cover my home with the Blood of Jesus to protect all
occupants and possessions from all evil.

Especially in times of violence we need to cry out for the
protection of the Blood for all our household. Parents can put
the Blood on their "door" -- taking in all that pertains to
them -- and claim salvation and protection for their entire
family. The Blood is the one thing that will keep your family
safe in these perilous days.

When we awaken in the morning we should call for the Blood to
be upon us and all that belongs to us. Before we sleep we
should, in the same way, call for the protection of the Blood.

SAY THIS: I plead the Blood of Jesus over all my household and
all our possessions.