Show Courtesy To All People

TITUS 3:2 GWN
2 Believers shouldn't curse anyone or be quarrelsome, but they
should be gentle and show courtesy to everyone.

When we fail to show courtesy to all people the reason is
always the same: pride. We think we are better than they are.
Otherwise we would treat them with respect and courtesy.

But remember that true Christianity is not based on keeping a
set of rules (such as: show courtesy to all people). Instead it
is a relationship with God through being united with Jesus
Christ. With His life in us, we can and should act differently.

When our mind is renewed to the truth, we realize the life and
love of God is inside our hearts after we receive Jesus. As we
allow that inner life to dominate, we will fulfill the will of
God by doing what the Bible says we should do.

So it is going to take more than a decision and will-power for
you to always show courtesy to all people. You will need God
working in and through you for it to happen.

One thing you can do is ask the Lord to show you how He sees
people. When you realize how much God loves people and how
precious they are to Him, you will be much less likely to
mistreat them.

TITUS 3:1 GWN
1 Remind believers to willingly place themselves under the
authority of government officials. Believers should obey them
and be ready to help them with every good thing they do.

This verse, which comes just before the one we started with
above, says to "remind believers" to do these things. It is not
a law we must keep in order to be right with God or to have God
love us. Instead it is what we should be becoming as we grow in
Christ by allowing His life and love to dominate and flow
through us. It's a matter of maturing and growing up. Just as
we grow up as physical beings, we also must grow up as
spiritual beings.

TITUS 3:3-7 GWN
3 Indeed, we, too, were once stupid, disobedient, and misled.
We were slaves to many kinds of lusts and pleasures. We were
mean and jealous. We were hated, and we hated each other.
4 However, when God our Savior made his kindness and love for
humanity appear,
5 he saved us, but not because of anything we had done to gain
his approval. Instead, because of his mercy he saved us through
the washing in which the Holy Spirit gives us new birth and
renewal.
6 God poured a generous amount of the Spirit on us through
Jesus Christ our Savior.
7 As a result, God in his kindness has given us his approval
and we have become heirs who have the confidence that we have
everlasting life.

God is working in us! Living the Christian life is not just a
matter of will-power and dedication. It is yielding to God and
trusting in Him. We must decide to yield to God's will, for God
never forces us, but we can't make it happen by ourselves.

PHILIPPIANS 2:13 NLT
13 For God is working in you, giving you the desire and the
power to do what pleases him.

SAY THIS: Lord help me to see people as you see them, and to
treat them as you would treat them.