Talk To God About Everything

HEBREWS 4:13-16 NLT
13 Nothing in all creation is hidden from God. Everything is
naked and exposed before his eyes, and he is the one to whom we
are accountable.
14 So then, since we have a great High Priest who has entered
heaven, Jesus the Son of God, let us hold firmly to what we
believe.
15 This High Priest of ours understands our weaknesses, for he
faced all of the same testings we do, yet he did not sin.
16 So let us come boldly to the throne of our gracious God.
There we will receive his mercy, and we will find grace to help
us when we need it most.

You should talk to God just as you would to a very respected 
friend. Don't worry about using any special form of words. Just 
talk openly, honestly, and sincerely from your heart. (This is 
what "prayer" is supposed to be.)

God knows what you are thinking anyway. You can't fool God or
hide anything from Him. God knows you better than you know
yourself. And the wonderful thing is that God still loves you!

Nothing that concerns you is unimportant to God. Remember, He
even keeps count of how many hairs you have!

God is not too busy to hear about every detail of your life. I 
have no idea how God can listen to all of us, but He can. God 
is not bound by time like we are. However He does it, we don't 
have to be concerned but can just trust Him.

JEREMIAH 33:3 NKJ
33 'Call to Me, and I will answer you, and show you great and
mighty things, which you do not know.'

What a privilege to have the input and counsel of God who knows 
everything! Don't fail to take advantage of this tremendous 
opportunity.

We are called into fellowship with the Lord Jesus Christ! That
means we should share everything with Him.

1 CORINTHIANS 1:9 NKJ
9 God is faithful, by whom you were called into the fellowship
of His Son, Jesus Christ our Lord.

God invites us to fellowship with Him. That would include just
discussing things. Just visiting. Just "hanging out" together.
This is what God desires. So don't disappoint Him!

Don't talk at God, talk directly to God. Prayer should not be a
spiritual exercise you have to get through. It's a conversation
with Someone who loves you, and is very smart.

"But what can I say to God?"

"Thank You!" would be a good start. What would you say to any
friend who was with you? You wouldn't have any trouble figuring
out what to talk about with them would you?

"But," you say, "God doesn't talk back."

Yes, that is a difference you have to get used to. True, God
does not usually speak back to us in the normal human fashion.
The main way He "speaks" to us is through inward impressions or
ideas, all of which will line up with His written Word, the
Bible. We have to learn His way of communicating.

SAY THIS: God wants me to talk with Him about everything, so I
will.