If God Loves Me...?

All of us have probably wondered, "If God loves me . . . then
why did this bad thing happen to me?"

But for this question to have any real meaning, we must assume
God controls everything -- every single detail of life.

To help you get the right perspective, consider this question,
"If my mother loves me, then why did this bad thing happen to
me?" If you are an adult not living under your mother's
control, you will instantly see the folly of such a question.

We don't believe our mother controls everything happening in
the world. We understand that other people are making
decisions.

To determine whether our mother loves us, or not, we mainly
consider what she has done for us. We should do the same in
evaluating God. Has God done anything which demonstrates He
loves you?

YES!

JOHN 3:16 ESV
16 For God so loved the world, that he gave his only
Son, that whoever believes in him should not perish but have
eternal life.

Would a soldier on the battlefield ever say "If my parents love
me why am I being shot at?" No! The soldier realizes it is an
enemy trying to kill him. So it is with us. The devil is the
one who is shooting at us, trying to kill, steal, and destroy.

Everything good we enjoy in life is because of God. The devil,
and people motivated by the devil's ideas, have messed up a lot
of things. But God has never done us evil. God is not to blame!

ACTS 17:25 ESV
25 nor is he served by human hands, as though he needed
anything, since he himself gives to all mankind life and breath
and everything.

Some teach that God controls every decision made by every
person. But anyone who stops to think about what they can do
should realize it is not true. To illustrate, right now you
could choose to rob someone, or even kill someone. You have the
freedom to do that. And if you did, it would not be God's
fault, it would be your fault.

Understanding this, you should be able to see that, just
because some bad thing happens in your life, does not offer any
real evidence that God does not love you.

Scripture does not teach that God controls every decision
people make. But it does teach that God will eventually make
everything right. So don't make the mistake of judging
prematurely.

1 JOHN 4:16 ESV
16 So we have come to know and to believe the love that God has
for us. God is love, and whoever abides in love abides in God,
and God abides in him.

SAY THIS: God loves me regardless of what my circumstances may
be now.