Claim Prosperity!

1 CORINTHIANS 3:21b LB
21 For God has already given you everything you need.

(We don't claim prosperity, or anything, from God. We are not
making any demand on God.)

God has already made provision for us in every area of life. He
created enough abundance for all mankind. Yet many Christians
struggle with financial problems. But the problem is not that
God is withholding from us.

Throughout the New Testament, we are told God has already given
us everything we need, for example see: 2 Peter 1:3, Romans
8:17, Romans 8:32, Galatians 4:7, Ephesians 1:3.

The problem is that we've been allowing the devil to steal what
belongs to us. We must quit allowing this to happen. We must
stand in faith and claim what is ours. After all, Jesus paid a
great price for us to have it!

Jesus came to redeem us from the control of the devil and set
us free from the curse. Jesus paid the price for us to have
abundant blessing in every area of life.

2 CORINTHIANS 8:9 ESV
9 For you know the grace of our Lord Jesus Christ, that though
he was rich, yet for your sake he became poor, so that you by
his poverty might become rich.

But the devil is a thief. So we must claim prosperity from the
devil who has stolen from us -- and continues to steal from us
if we let him.

Of course we should not be selfish or greedy. We should not 
serve money or let it control our decisions. But how can we 
help others if we are in poverty?

ISAIAH 53:5 ESV
5 But he was wounded for our transgressions; he was crushed for
our iniquities; upon him was the chastisement that brought us
peace, and with his stripes we are healed.

Jesus' suffering brought us peace. (But unless you understand
Hebrew it is unlikely you would realize all this means.)

Peace -- shalom -- means wholeness, nothing missing, nothing
broken, nothing wrong. It definitely includes the idea of
prosperity -- every need met and having more than enough.

Jesus suffered so you could have this shalom -- peace and
prosperity. Part of the curse that Jesus redeemed you from is
poverty.

And what a curse poverty is! It causes misery, disease, ruined
lives, and destroyed families.

The devil has tried to convince Christians that poverty is a
blessing because it will make you humble and more godly. While
it is true that many rich people are arrogant and ungodly, that
does not automatically mean being poor makes you godly. On the
contrary, God is the richest being in the universe, and riches
have not corrupted Him.

The devil is a thief. He has stolen money that belongs to you.
You need to say, "That's mine! Jesus paid for me to have
abundant provision. Turn loose of it devil!"

That is what I mean by claiming prosperity.

After you receive legal notice that something is yours, you can
claim it whenever you desire. God's Word is our legal notice of
what belongs to us as a gift because of the wonderful grace of
our Lord Jesus Christ. It's time we quit letting the devil
steal what belongs to us.

SAY THIS: I claim prosperity. It's mine because Jesus bought it
for me.