Healing Is A Process

MARK 16:17-18 NKJ
17 "And these signs will follow those who believe . . .
18 . . . they will lay hands on the sick, and they will
recover."

A major problem has been thinking that all healing must be
instantaneous.

The truth is that healing is a process involving time.
Sometimes it is speeded up, but not usually.

If you have ever cut your finger or skinned your knee, then you
know how healing normally works.

God made the human body to always heal itself. Unless there is
some lack of nutrition or some hindering force, the human body
will always heal. And God's power can always bring healing,
regardless of any lack or hindrance.

JAMES 5:15 NKJ
15 And the prayer of faith will save the sick, and the Lord
will raise him up. And if he has committed sins, he will be
forgiven.

James does not say the sick will always be raised up instantly.
Just that they will be raised. "They will recover."

All healing is a process that happens through time as you
continually improve in health. With God, healing can sometimes
be so speeded up that to us it seems almost instant, but this
is not the normal way God’s healing works.

Jesus taught us that God’s kingdom works like a seed planted in
the ground which grows and produces over time (Matthew 13:31).

The important thing, and what God’s Word promises, is the end
result, not how long it takes.

Many people who have not understood that healing from God is a
process involving time, have given up their faith when they did
not have an instant miracle recovery.

Don’t let the devil steal from you, through this wrong
thinking, what Jesus paid for you to have!

The Bible tells us that healing is ours, because Jesus paid for
it (1 Peter 2:24). But the Bible never says we will all receive
healing instantly. Sometimes it can be very quick — and we know
it is a miracle. Other times it can take awhile, but no matter
how long it takes, we have the promise of God that healing is
ours, giving us divine assurance that we will be healthy and
whole!

All the healings of Jesus during His ministry on earth were not
instantaneous, either. Mark 8:22-25 is an account of Jesus
ministering to a blind man. After Jesus laid hands on the blind
man he could "see men like trees, walking." In other words, he
could see, but not very well. Only when Jesus laid hands on him
again did his sight become clear. Although a long period of
time was not involved, it does show a healing that was a
process — not instantaneous.

MARK 8:25 NKJ
25 Then He put His hands on his eyes again and made him look
up. And he was restored and saw everyone clearly.

Luke 17:12-19 tells of ten lepers who were healed "as they
went." Healing was not manifest while they were in Jesus’
presence, but only after they left Him.

LUKE 17:14 NKJ
14 So when He saw them, He said to them, "Go, show yourselves
to the priests." And so it was that as they went, they were
cleansed.

John 9:6-7 tells of another healing involving some time. And
John 4:52 mentions a time "when he began to get better"
indicating a process of recovery.

JOHN 4:52 ESV
52 So he asked them the hour when he began to get better, and
they said to him, "Yesterday at the seventh hour the fever left
him."

So never accept that healing is not God's will just because it
does not happen instantaneously.

(For more on healing see www.healing-book.com).

SAY THIS: Healing happens!