Expect God's Protection

We should expect God's protection, and thank Him for it.

But we must remember that we receive from God by faith. So if
we don't believe God will protect us, we are, in effect,
hindering God's protection.

So we need to feed our faith on the promises of the Bible
concerning God's protection for His people. There are many, but
here are two.

ISAIAH 54:17 GWN
17 No weapon that has been made to be used against you will
succeed. You will have an answer for anyone who accuses you.
This is the inheritance of the LORD's servants. Their victory
comes from me," declares the LORD.

LUKE 10:19 NKJ
19 "Behold, I give you the authority to trample on serpents and
scorpions, and over all the power of the enemy, and nothing
shall by any means hurt you.

Then we also need to express our faith in thanks to God every
day for His protection. The ninety-first Psalm can help us do
this. I suggest you make it personal and speak it often.

CONFESSION BASED ON PSALM 91 NLT
1 I live in the shelter of the Most High so I will find rest in
the shadow of the Almighty.
2 This I declare about the LORD: He alone is my refuge, my
place of safety; he is my God, and I trust him.
3 For he will rescue me from every trap and protect me from
deadly disease.
4 He will cover me with his feathers. He will shelter me with
his wings. His faithful promises are my armor and protection.
5 I will not be afraid of the terrors of the night, nor the
arrow that flies in the day.
6 I will not dread the disease that stalks in darkness, nor the
disaster that strikes at midday.
7 Though a thousand fall at my side, though ten thousand are
dying around me, these evils will not touch me.
8 I can just open my eyes, and see how the wicked are punished.
9 I make the LORD my refuge, I make the Most High my shelter,
10 so no evil will conquer me; no plague will come near my
home.
11 For he will order his angels to protect me wherever I go.
12 They will hold me up with their hands so I won't even hurt
my foot on a stone.
13 I will trample upon lions and cobras; I will crush fierce
lions and serpents under my feet!
14 The LORD says, "I will rescue those who love me. I will
protect those who trust in my name.
15 When they call on me, I will answer; I will be with them in
trouble. I will rescue and honor them.
16 I will reward them with a long life and give them my
salvation."

SAY THIS: Thank You Lord for protecting me and my family today.