How To Grow Spiritually

1 PETER 2:2 NKJ
2 as newborn babes, desire the pure milk of the word, that you
may grow thereby,

Spiritual growth is similar to physical growth. Time, food, and
activity are the requirements. God's Word provides our
spiritual food.

A full supply of nutritious spiritual food is the main 
requirement for spiritual growth. But spiritual activity is 
also required for you to grow strong, instead of just growing 
fat.

JAMES 1:22 NLT
22 But don't just listen to God's word. You must do what it
says. Otherwise, you are only fooling yourselves.

Acting on God's Word is spiritual activity. Some examples are
speaking God's Word, praying, praising God, being thankful,
walking in love, and trusting God.

EPHESIANS 4:15 NKJ
15 but, speaking the truth in love, may grow up in all things
into Him who is the head -- Christ --

Speaking God's Word is vital for spiritual growth. You must 
personalize and internalize what God said about you. Then you 
will begin to think, see, and act in line with God's Word. This 
process is Bible meditation.

1 TIMOTHY 4:15 NKJ
15 Meditate on these things; give yourself entirely to them,
that your progress may be evident to all.

How will you, and others, know when you are growing
spiritually?

The evidence of spiritual growth is spiritual fruit. So, to
know if you are growing spiritually, check your life for more
of the fruit listed in Galatians 5:22-23.

GALATIANS 5:22-23 ESV
22 But the fruit of the Spirit is love, joy, peace, patience,
kindness, goodness, faithfulness,
23 gentleness, self-control; against such things there is no
law.

Remember that growth is a process so don't become discouraged 
if you don't have abundant spiritual fruit immediately. Just 
keep feeding on God's Word and it will produce the fruit of 
growth.

Another way of describing spiritual fruit (and thus spiritual
growth) is becoming more like Jesus in the way you act.

EPHESIANS 4:13 NLT
13 This will continue until we all come to such unity in our 
faith and knowledge of God's Son that we will be mature in the 
Lord, measuring up to the full and complete standard of Christ.

When you grow spiritually, you will grow in faith and love.

2 THESSALONIANS 1:3 NKJ
3 We are bound to thank God always for you, brethren, as it is
fitting, because your faith grows exceedingly, and the love of
every one of you all abounds toward each other,

SAY THIS: I love the pure milk of God's Word which feeds my
spirit and causes me to become more like Christ.