It Is Written

MATTHEW 4:3-4 NKJ
3 Now when the tempter came to Him, he said, "If You are the
Son of God, command that these stones become bread."
4 But He answered and said, "It is written, 'Man shall not live
by bread alone, but by every word that proceeds from the mouth
of God.'"

When tempted, Jesus did not use any supernatural powers to
resist the devil. Jesus simply quoted the written Word of God
to the devil.

You must do the same thing. Jesus was our example, showing us
how to overcome the attacks of our enemy.

Notice how the devil came to tempt Jesus -- with a thought -- a
thought contrary to the written Word of God.

Then after Jesus quoted the Bible, the devil also quoted the
Bible but twisted the meaning. Jesus responded only with
another verse from the Bible.

MATTHEW 4:6-7 NKJ
6 and said to Him, "If You are the Son of God, throw Yourself
down. For it is written: 'He shall give His angels charge over
you,' and, 'In their hands they shall bear you up, Lest you
dash your foot against a stone.'"
7 Jesus said to him, "It is written again, 'You shall not tempt
the LORD your God.'"

If you read the whole passage in Matthew 4:1-11, you will see
that quoting the written Word was the only defense Jesus used
against the devil. Nothing else.

If you are going to overcome temptation and walk in victory, 
you must follow Jesus' example and quote the Bible to the 
devil. There is no other way.

God's Word in your mouth is your spiritual weapon. If you
neglect to use it, you will be overcome instead of walking in
all the victory and blessing Jesus has provided for you.

EPHESIANS 6:17 NKJ
17 And take the helmet of salvation, and the sword of the
Spirit, which is the word of God;

Obviously you must know what the Bible says to quote it to the
devil. So it is evident how important it is to read and study
the Bible for yourself.

Yet it is not enough to just read the Bible or study it. When
thoughts come that are not in agreement with the Bible, we must
speak the Word to the devil who is behind those thoughts.

SAY THIS: I will resist the devil with what is written in God's
Word.