Words Steer Your Life

JAMES 3:2-5 NIV
2 We all stumble in many ways. If anyone is never at fault in
what he says, he is a perfect man, able to keep his whole body
in check.
3 When we put bits into the mouths of horses to make them obey
us, we can turn the whole animal.
4 Or take ships as an example. Although they are so large and
are driven by strong winds, they are steered by a very small
rudder wherever the pilot wants to go.
5 Likewise the tongue is a small part of the body, but it makes
great boasts. Consider what a great forest is set on fire by a
small spark.

Your tongue steers your life. Words spoken by your tongue
determine the direction of your life, just like the rudder of a
ship determines the direction a ship will go. Words may not
cause you to arrive at the destination immediately, but they
head you in that direction, and eventually, if you continue in
that direction, you will arrive there.

MARK 11:23 NKJ
23 "For assuredly, I say to you, whoever says to this mountain,
'Be removed and be cast into the sea,' and does not doubt in
his heart, but believes that those things he says will be done,
he will have whatever he says.

Jesus said you will have what you say, if you believe it. But
He never said you will immediately have what you say. He is
telling us that the words we say set the course of our life.

What you say determines what you get in life. It did for the
people of Israel. And the Bible says the things which happened
to them are lessons for us (1 Corinthians 10:11).

ROMANS 10:10 NASB
10 for with the heart man believes, resulting in righteousness,
and with the mouth he confesses, resulting in salvation.

Salvation (meaning deliverance) results from what our heart
believes and our mouth says.

The more strongly you believe and express your words, the more
power is behind them propelling you to that destination more
quickly.

But even words you don't fully believe, but only express in
jest, may still steer your life in that direction. Because the
devil is like a crooked lawyer watching your words, looking for
any legal loophole giving him the right to bring stealing,
killing, and destruction into your life.

Words spoken by your tongue express your beliefs and release
authority in your life. This works for everyone, whether they
realize it or not. The words you speak steer the course of your
life.

Now that you know this truth, act on it. Ask the Lord to help
you always speak the right words to steer your life to victory.

SAY THIS: My tongue steers my life in the direction I will go.