God Knows

EZEKIEL 11:5 NLT
5 ... "This is what the LORD says to the people of Israel: I
know what you are saying, for I know every thought that comes
into your minds.

God not only knows all things but He also understands all
things because He created everything (including you). So it is
senseless to try and fool God or manipulate Him.

HEBREWS 4:13 NLT
13 Nothing in all creation is hidden from God. Everything is
naked and exposed before his eyes, and he is the one to whom we
are accountable.

God knows how to make your body healthy and strong.

God knows how you can live in financial freedom and abundance.

God knows how to make your family be like Heaven on earth.

God knows how to solve every problem you will ever face.

Whatever you need, God knows how to get it. Whatever your
question, God knows the answer.

MATTHEW 6:4 NLT
4 Give your gifts in secret, and your Father, who knows all
secrets, will reward you.

God knows everything you don't know. And He is willing to share
His knowledge with you. But... it will not just happen. You
have to desire it. You have to seek it.

God is not in the habit of forcing Himself, or His ideas, on
people. He gave us freedom to choose. Sadly, many of us have
been making a lot of wrong choices.

You may wonder, "How do I get God to tell me what He knows?"

There is no formula for making God tell you something. God is a
Person, not a machine. What you need is to develop a
relationship with God -- to get to know Him.

All relationships are built on communication. You need to spend
time listening to what God says in His Word. You need to talk
to God. You need to ask Him questions. You need to draw near to
God. This is God's desire because He loves you, and loves to
spend time with you.

You need to esteem your relationship with God and spending time
focused on Him as more important than other things.

"But I don't have time to spend seeking God and developing a
closer relationship with Him because then I wouldn't have time
to watch all my favorite television shows."

If someone treated you the way you treat God, would you be
inclined to favor them, to help them, to go out of your way to
do things for them?

Fortunately, God is gracious, merciful, and forgiving. And He
loves you exactly as you are right now, although He is well
aware of all your shortcomings. So you don't need to be afraid
of God. But He is still a divine Person with feelings and
deserves to be treated with respect.

Ignoring God effectively shuts Him out of our life. Not that
God excludes us, but we are the ones making the choice to
exclude Him.

If you desire the fullness of God's blessing and favor, then
you should not put Him last place in your life, your time, and
your devotion.

SAY THIS: God knows!