God Gave Us Dominion

GENESIS 1:26,28 NKJ
26 Then God said, "Let Us make man in Our image, according to
Our likeness; let them have dominion over the fish of the sea,
over the birds of the air, and over the cattle, over all the
earth and over every creeping thing that creeps on the earth."
28 Then God blessed them, and God said to them, "Be fruitful
and multiply; fill the earth and subdue it; have dominion over
the fish of the sea, over the birds of the air, and over every
living thing that moves on the earth."

God made a decision when He created human beings. He chose to
give us dominion on earth.

God had dominion, and He chose to give it to mankind. Notice
that God did not say, "Let him (Adam) have dominion." God said,
"Let them (both Adam and Eve -- and their descendants) have
dominion."

This is something important for us to understand.

PSALM 115:16 NKJ
16 The heaven, even the heavens, are the LORD's; But the earth
He has given to the children of men.

Dominion is the right to make decisions and to rule. Dominion
does not necessarily mean ownership but rulership.

That means what happens on earth is determined by mankind, not
by God. Otherwise, God lied in saying that man has dominion.

God honors the choices made by people. By that I mean He allows
us to have a free will and to make choices. We are not puppets
or robots. Each one of us makes choices and then we must live
with the result of our choices.

A question often asked by many is "Why does God allow bad
things to happen on earth?" What they need to realize is that
humanity allows it. God gave us dominion and with that came
responsibility.

God does not change His mind.

ROMANS 11:29 GWN
29 God never changes his mind when he gives gifts or when he
calls someone.

PSALM 8:4-6 NKJ
4 What is man that You are mindful of him, And the son of man
that You visit him?
5 For You have made him a little lower than the angels, And You
have crowned him with glory and honor.
6 You have made him to have dominion over the works of Your
hands; You have put all things under his feet,

Some teach that God makes all the decisions concerning life and
death for humans, but God clearly says we are the ones who must
make the choices.

DEUTERONOMY 30:19 NKJ
19 "I call heaven and earth as witnesses today against you,
that I have set before you life and death, blessing and
cursing; therefore choose life, that both you and your
descendants may live;

If you don't understand what Adam and Eve had, then you cannot
clearly understand what you have. God never goes back on His
Word. We still have the dominion God gave them because we are
their descendants.

SAY THIS: God gave me dominion that I am responsible to
exercise on earth.