The Bible Is Spiritual Food

1 PETER 2:2 NKJ
2 as newborn babes, desire the pure milk of the word, that you
may grow thereby,

If you want to grow as you should as a Christian -- feed on
God's Word just as a newborn baby desires to be fed. If you
know anything about babies, you know they require regular
feeding!

It's not just a quick reading of the Word that you need. You
must chew the Word to get the "milk" out of it. This just means
you need to meditate on God's Word to get all that you should
from it. You can't just gulp it down quickly and expect to
receive all its nutrition. It takes some time and effort to
think on the Word and digest it, so that it becomes a part of
us.

The food we take into our physical bodies does not nourish us
unless we properly digest and assimilate it into our cells.
Spiritual food is the same. The Word you read has to "become
flesh" in you. It has to become part of you. As it nourishes
you, it will change you by changing the way you see yourself
and the way you see others.

It is possible to study the Bible and not believe it, not 
personalize it, and not internalize it. This type of mental 
study does not feed your spirit.

Personalizing the Word and speaking it, helps us digest the
Word so it becomes part of us. This, along with thinking and
seeing in agreement with the Word, is Bible meditation.

You are who God says you are. You have what God says you have.
You can do what God says you can do. You need to say whatever
God has said about you. This is the primary way you will be fed
and grow spiritually.

MATTHEW 4:4 NKJ
4 But He answered and said, "It is written, 'Man shall not live
by bread alone, but by every word that proceeds from the mouth
of God.'"

Matthew 4:4 shows us that God's Word somehow sustains life, as 
does bread in the physical realm. But we need more than physical 
food to enjoy life as God intended. God's Word is our spiritual 
food which will enrich our life.

ROMANS 10:17 NKJ
17 So then faith comes by hearing, and hearing by the word of
God.

God's Word produces faith in our hearts and renews our minds.
It is vital for our spiritual growth. God's Word is our
spiritual food.

JEREMIAH 15:16 NKJ
16 Your words were found, and I ate them, And Your word was to 
me the joy and rejoicing of my heart; For I am called by Your 
name, O LORD God of hosts.

SAY THIS: I will eat the Word of God every day.