Should Christians Use Their Imagination?

2 CORINTHIANS 4:18 NKJ
18 while we do not look at the things which are seen, but at
the things which are not seen. For the things which are seen
are temporary, but the things which are not seen are eternal.

Many Christians are afraid of using their imagination, equating
it with evil. But God surely had a reason to make mankind with
an imagination. Once, as I was thinking about this, the
question came to me, "Why did God create man with an
imagination?" I do believe He is the Creator, don't you? And
God did make man with an imagination.

When I asked God if there was any scriptural support for using
our imagination, it occurred to me to look in Hebrews 11. As I
began reading the chapter I was shocked at what I found, even
though I had read it many times before!

Right in verse 1, faith is defined as ". . .evidence of things
not seen." I thought, "If it is something you can't see, then
it has to deal with the realm of the imagination." People would
say we were believing something that is just imaginary if it
couldn't be seen. In fact the dictionary says imagine means: to
form a mental image of (something not present). What could more
closely describe the Bible definition of faith in Hebrews 11:1!

By this time I was excited, but the chapter was just beginning.
Time and again, I saw that people in this chapter had used
their imagination; that they had "seen" what was not visible to
others. I began to realize that faith is linked with
imagination like wet is linked with water. The two are
inseparable.

Then I began to understand why the devil had stirred up such a 
fuss over this subject. No doubt one main reason the devil 
inspired eastern religions to utilize the imagination was to 
muddy the waters and make Christians afraid it might be wrong.

As I read of Abraham I thought of Genesis 15:5 where God told
him to "count the stars. . . So shall your descendants be." If
God wasn't telling Abraham to use his imagination, I don't know
what He was telling Him to do!

So be Biblical without fear. Take what God has said in His
Word, and imagine it that way in your life!

2 CORINTHIANS 10:5 KJV
5 Casting down imaginations, and every high thing that exalteth
itself against the knowledge of God, and bringing into
captivity every thought to the obedience of Christ;

We must cast down imaginations that do not agree with God's
Word, and keep and nurture the ones that do.

SAY THIS: Imagination is part of faith, so I will imagine in
agreement with God's Word.