God Is Not Poor

PSALM 50:12 NASB
12 "If I were hungry, I would not tell you; for the world is
Mine, and all it contains.

HAGGAI 2:8 NASB
8 `The silver is Mine, and the gold is Mine,' declares the LORD
of hosts.

You probably knew that God is rich. But have you thought about
what that means?

Since God is not poor, surely He would not desire His children
to suffer poverty.

Misunderstanding has developed because most Christians think
Jesus was poor and that His followers should also be poor. Not
necessarily true, but a strong tradition.

Why did God create all the wealth of this world? Surely not for
the devil and his crowd.

God does not withhold good from us but desires blessing for all
His children. If it were otherwise, God would not even be as
good as earthly parents.

Any court would condemn an earthly father, who, although rich,
withheld support from his children. Should we think our Father
God is any less loving and caring and giving than an earthly
father? NO! Jesus taught that our Heavenly Father is much more
gracious and generous than any earthly father.

MATTHEW 7:11 NASB
11 "If you then, being evil, know how to give good gifts to
your children, how much more shall your Father who is in heaven
give what is good to those who ask Him!

Just because you have not yet received the fullness of God's 
blessing does not mean God does not desire that you have it. We 
must grow up and quit blaming God. Instead, we should seek Him 
for understanding and help so that we may receive all God has 
for us.

Yes, God warns against trusting in riches or being deceived by
them. Anything can be dangerous if not used properly. Fire can
maim and kill, yet properly controlled it is a great blessing.
So it is with money.

God is not against His children having wealth. He just does not
want us to trust in it and worship it.

PSALM 35:27 NASB
27 . . ."The LORD be magnified, who delights in the prosperity
of His servant."

Let's line our thinking up with the Bible and quit letting the
devil rob us of the blessings God intends for us.

SAY THIS: God is my wealthy Father Who loves me and delights to
bless me.