Hold Fast What Is Good

1 THESSALONIANS 5:21 KJV
21 Prove all things; hold fast that which is good.

Sometimes things that should be obvious to us are not. Like, if
what you are doing is not working out, it would be wise to
consider a change.

Too many people are not receiving the blessings God's Word
promises, things the Bible says God desires us to have. But
instead of considering changing things in their life, too often
people fall into the temptation of blaming God and thinking He
is holding out on them.

But that is never true! There is never any fault or problem
with God.

PSALM 84:11 KJV
11 For the LORD God is a sun and shield: the LORD will give
grace and glory: no good thing will he withhold from them that
walk uprightly.

If you are acting on the Word and planting good seeds, don't
let the devil discourage you and cause you to give up too soon.
But if the course of your life is going the wrong direction,
and it is not getting better over time, then it would be wise
to consider your ways -- and make changes.

This is not something that should be done too hastily. Often
the only thing we are doing wrong that keeps God's provision
from manifesting in our life is giving up on our faith too
soon.

Jesus told us the kingdom of God works like a seed (Matthew
13:31, Mark 4:26). A seed takes time to grow. Just because
full-grown blessing is not yet evident in your life is no sign
it is not growing.

If you do need to change, what are the changes you will need to
make? Always it will be following the directions God gave us in
His Word.

If you think you are following the directions in God's Word,
and they are not producing freedom, peace, and wholeness in
your life (over time), then it is very possible you are
somewhat inaccurate in your interpretation and understanding of
the Word. Because acting accurately on God's Word will make you
free.

JOHN 8:31-32 NKJ
31 Then Jesus said to those Jews who believed Him, "If you
abide in My word, you are My disciples indeed.
32 "And you shall know the truth, and the truth shall make you
free."

Don't be discouraged or disheartened. Just abide in God's Word
and always look to Him and He will give you wisdom to know what
to do.

SAY THIS: I hold fast to what is good, and God helps me when
corrections are necessary.