What If Things Don't Seem To Be Working?

GALATIANS 6:9 ESV
9 And let us not grow weary of doing good, for in due season we
will reap, if we do not give up.

What should you do when it seems like God has forgotten you and
you are about to perish?

Act on God's Word! Speak to the mountain! Rejoice in the Lord!
Stand in faith! Continue to thank God! Expect God's help! Don't
ever give in or give up!

Realize God is not the problem. God is perfect. He never fails
and never makes a mistake. God is helping you as much as you
are allowing Him.

You probably do need to change some things. After all, none of
us are perfectly mature yet. We are all learning and growing.

But don't make the mistake of putting yourself down and
accepting the devil's idea that you are so hopeless that
nothing can work out for you.

God will gently guide you in making whatever changes you need
to make. God is there to help you, not to condemn you.

If it does not seem like things are working out, then your
faith is being tested. But God is not testing your faith, it is
the devil. The purpose of this testing is to get you to turn
loose of your faith -- to change what you believe.

So just keep on doing what you know is right. Don't change your
beliefs about God. He is still good. Keep trusting Him. Keep
believing that God is a rewarder of those who diligently seek
Him -- that it pays to walk with God (Hebrews 11:6).

We should not be surprised at a fiery trial of faith. The Bible
warned us these things would come.

1 PETER 4:12 ESV
12 Beloved, do not be surprised at the fiery trial when it
comes upon you to test you, as though something strange were
happening to you.

Jesus said there would be tribulation. He told us we would be
persecuted.

We are also warned that we must "hold fast" to our confession.
We must continue to stand in faith, regardless of what hits us.

HEBREWS 4:14 ESV
14 Since then we have a great high priest who has passed
through the heavens, Jesus, the Son of God, let us hold fast
our confession.

HEBREWS 10:23 ESV
23 Let us hold fast the confession of our hope without
wavering, for he who promised is faithful.

If we always perfectly understood everything that was
happening, there would be no temptation to doubt.

We are still growing and learning so we don't yet understand
everything. But just because we don't understand what is
happening is no reason to doubt God, His Word, and His
goodness.

SAY THIS: Even in the dark, I will still trust God, for He is
good and never fails.