Live Long And Strong

DEUTERONOMY 34:7 NIV
7 Moses was a hundred and twenty years old when he died, yet
his eyes were not weak nor his strength gone.

Old age should not be a time to dread. We can look to God and
receive strength, health, and provision for a full and
enjoyable life.

God's plan for you is NOT an old age full of sickness, poverty,
and loneliness.

Moses and Caleb are examples for us.

JOSHUA 14:10-11 NKJ
10 "And now, behold, the Lord has kept me alive, as He said,
these forty-five years, ever since the Lord spoke this word to
Moses while Israel wandered in the wilderness; and now, here I
am this day, eighty-five years old.
11 "As yet I am as strong this day as on the day that Moses
sent me; just as my strength was then, so now is my strength
for war, both for going out and for coming in.

GALATIANS 3:13-14 NKJ
13 Christ has redeemed us from the curse of the law, having
become a curse for us (for it is written, "Cursed is everyone
who hangs on a tree"),
14 that the blessing of Abraham might come upon the Gentiles in
Christ Jesus, that we might receive the promise of the Spirit
through faith.

Galatians 3 tells us we are to receive the blessing of Abraham
-- through faith -- because of what Jesus has done. Now, read
the following verses about Abraham.

GENESIS 13:2 NKJ
2 Abram was very rich in livestock, in silver, and in gold.

GENESIS 25:8 NASB
8 And Abraham breathed his last and died in a ripe old age, an
old man and satisfied with life; and he was gathered to his
people.

Because Jesus has redeemed us from the curse, we also should
believe God for a long, enjoyable, and productive life. And we
should resist the devil who would try to steal it away from us.

We have the promise of God that He will satisfy us with life.
(If you are not satisfied with your life, make some changes.
God intends for you to be satisfied.)

PSALM 91:16 NKJ
16 With long life I will satisfy him, And show him My
salvation."

PSALM 103:5 NKJ
5 Who satisfies your mouth with good things, So that your youth
is renewed like the eagle's.

God made our bodies to repair and renew themselves. As we walk
and talk in faith, looking to the promises of God, the life of
God will renew our bodies. (We should also allow God to guide
us in the things we take into our bodies -- only putting good
things into our mouths.)

PSALM 92:14 NKJ
14 They shall still bear fruit in old age; They shall be fresh
and flourishing,

ISAIAH 46:4 NIV
4 Even to your old age and gray hairs I am he, I am he who will
sustain you. I have made you and I will carry you; I will
sustain you and I will rescue you.

God is faithful. He will always be our wonderful Father, our
great Provider, Helper, and Healer -- no matter how old we are,
or what we face.

SAY THIS: Jesus redeemed me from the curse, so I will live a
long, enjoyable life to the glory of God.