Salvation Is A Free Gift

ROMANS 6:23 NLT
23 For the wages of sin is death, but the free gift of God is
eternal life through Christ Jesus our Lord.

Salvation is a word we use for being set free from the effects
and the penalty of sin. It includes being delivered from the
dominion of the devil. It was purchased for us by Jesus Christ
through giving His own life at Calvary, as our substitute.

Salvation is not something you earn, but a free gift from God
totally by His grace.

Humans have invented many religions with all kinds of rules,
trying to make themselves acceptable to God. But being right
with God is not something we can achieve by our own efforts.
God loved us so much that He accomplished it for us, and
provides it as a free gift available to all who receive Jesus.

The Bible tells us we will be rewarded for the good we do. But
it is not by doing good deeds, performing certain rituals, or
by keeping a list of rules, that we are saved from sin and its
effects. Salvation and having a home in Heaven are not rewards
-- they are gifts.

ROMANS 3:21-24 NLT
21 But now God has shown us a way to be made right with him
without keeping the requirements of the law, as was promised in
the writings of Moses and the prophets long ago.
22 We are made right with God by placing our faith in Jesus
Christ. And this is true for everyone who believes, no matter
who we are.
23 For everyone has sinned; we all fall short of God's glorious
standard.
24 Yet God, with undeserved kindness, declares that we are
righteous. He did this through Christ Jesus when he freed us
from the penalty for our sins.

You cannot earn salvation and being right with God. You can
only receive it as a gift of love from God. It comes in the
form of a Divine Person, the Lord Jesus Christ.

Outside of union with Jesus Christ, there is no salvation.

ACTS 4:12 NLT
12 There is salvation in no one else! God has given no other
name under heaven by which we must be saved."

SAY THIS: I receive Jesus Christ as my free gift, making me
right with God. Thank You Lord!