Grow Up!

1 CORINTHIANS 14:20 NIV
20 Brothers, stop thinking like children. In regard to evil be
infants, but in your thinking be adults.

It's fine to be a baby -- for awhile. But we expect babies to
grow and mature. If anyone still acts like a baby when they are
past that age -- something is wrong.

It's the same in the spiritual as in the physical realm --
we're supposed to grow up. But too many Christians seem content
to remain babies.

Babies focus only on themselves and their needs. God desires
for us to learn to love others and help them.

God wants His children to mature and be trained -- not be a
bunch of babies for ever.

EPHESIANS 4:15 THE MESSAGE
15 God wants us to grow up ....

Sometimes we wonder why our prayers have not yet been answered.
We sit in our corner and whine and complain about God not doing
what He should. We throw fits and complain to everyone we see.
We think God has failed us. But it is never true!

God is just expecting us to act on His Word, and continue
walking in faith and love. God would not do anyone a favor by
allowing them to never grow up.

God wants us to have good things, but He also wants us to grow
up, to learn His ways, and to trust Him. So, instead of just
instantly giving us everything, He encourages us to draw closer
to Him, learn to walk in faith, and learn how to receive all He
has provided for us.

So while you may not always like God's timing, it is the best
for you, even though you may not think so now. Later you will
rejoice, because you will more clearly understand what God has
done.

EPHESIANS 4:15 NASB
15 but speaking the truth in love, we are to grow up in all
aspects into Him, who is the head, even Christ,

Facing new things as a baby is likely very intimidating. For
example, learning to walk is no doubt scary for a child. But
they can do it, and after learning they would certainly never
wish to go back.

It is the same with us now in our Christian life. God is urging
us on: to use our faith, to act on His Word, to trust Him. It
seems scary, but God knows we can do it. Once we learn how to
walk with God by faith, it is a real joy and we would never
wish to go back.

God desires for you to leave your little restricted world and
step out into His world of unlimited possibilities where you
can fellowship with Him.

SAY THIS: I will feed on God's Word and let Him mature me, so I
won't act like a baby.