God Is Pleased With Faith

HEBREWS 11:6 NKJ
6 But without faith it is impossible to please Him, for he who
comes to God must believe that He is, and that He is a rewarder
of those who diligently seek Him.

Faith is often preached from the human perspective: believe God
and get your needs met. There's nothing wrong with that, but
it's a one-sided perspective.

So let's also try to look at faith from God's perspective.
Would you get any pleasure out of people who doubted you?
Surely God gets no pleasure out of people doubting His Word,
either.

Does God deserve respect?

YES!!!

To doubt what someone says shows disrespect. While humans can
be wrong, God only speaks absolute truth.

Many people only think of acting on God's Word from their
perspective, without considering God's feelings. Their
motivation is completely self-centered, thinking only of what
it will profit them.

Let's decide not to act this way!

Do you desire to please God? If you don't desire to please God,
you don't know Him. God is so wonderful, so great, and so good,
that if you really know Him you cannot help but desire to
please Him.

But how can a human please God? How can we, in any way, operate
on God's level and impress Him? The Bible reveals that God is
pleased with our faith.

JOHN 6:28-29 NKJ
28 Then they said to Him, "What shall we do, that we may work
the works of God?"
29 Jesus answered and said to them, "This is the work of God,
that you believe in Him whom He sent."

Of course you cannot separate what you believe from your
actions, because you always act on what you really believe. To
illustrate, if someone told you the building you were in was on
fire, if you believe them you will act by leaving. If you do
not try to leave the building, then you do not really believe
what they said.

HEBREWS 10:38 NKJ
38 Now the just shall live by faith; But if anyone draws back,
My soul has no pleasure in him."

Even if our walking by faith in God has not yet seemingly
produced many results -- is it not worthwhile to continue
simply in order to bring pleasure to God?

What higher accomplishment could a human have than to please
God?

SAY THIS: I will walk by faith in God's Word -- because that
pleases God.