Are You In Trouble?

JAMES 5:13 NIV
13 Is any one of you in trouble? He should pray. Is anyone
happy? Let him sing songs of praise.

The Greek word translated as trouble in this verse means to
suffer trouble, be afflicted, or to endure hardship or evil.

The best thing anyone facing trouble can do is pray. You don't
have to know how, just pour out your heart to God and discuss
the situation with Him.

We are tempted to do many other things: cry, complain, 
criticize others -- but Scripture says we should pray when we 
face tough problems.

Notice it does not say you should ask everyone else to pray for
you. It says you should pray.

There is nothing wrong with having other people pray for you.
But there is something wrong with expecting others to pray,
while you never pray.

By praying, we do not mean begging God for help. God loves you,
and always desires to assist you.

What is needed is not twisting God's arm to get Him to help.
Usually a part of the answer is God getting us quiet enough for
long enough so He can speak to our hearts and show us what
needs to be done.

Sometimes we have missed it, and that is why we are in trouble.
Other times, we may face trouble just because we live in a
fallen world. But always, when we are in trouble, we need to
know God's direction as to what to do.

Discuss your situation with the Lord. Lay it out in detail.
Often just telling Him honestly about the situation will cause
you to realize what should be done. Pour out your soul to the
Lord, but also wait in His presence with thanks and praise. Let
your heart and mind get quiet. Let God's peace overcome your
turmoil and worry.

God tells us that if we will draw near to Him, He will draw
near to us. This is why you should pray. You need God's help.
He has the wisdom and knowledge to get you out of the trouble
you face.

Direction may not come the first time you determine to seek God
and pray. You may not seem to get the answer while you pray.
But know this: God is working, and the answer is coming. So
keep praying. Keep on drawing closer to God. Help will come.

JOHN 16:33 NIV
33 "I have told you these things, so that in me you may have
peace. In this world you will have trouble. But take heart! I
have overcome the world."

SAY THIS: When I face trouble I will pray and draw near to God,
and He will help me.