Life Is Good

God says that all He made is good.

GENESIS 1:31 NKJ
31 Then God saw everything that He had made, and indeed it was
very good. So the evening and the morning were the sixth day.

The devil wants us to believe that life is bad.

(One way he tries to accomplish this is through all the bad
news reported daily. Feeding too much on bad news is not good
for you. You can get the top news stories without spending
hours every day listening to the bad things the devil is trying
to do in the earth.)

If you think life is bad, you will be depressed, or maybe even
bitter.

If you think life is good, you will be thankful.

No matter what your circumstances are, there are always things 
to enjoy and rejoice about. If we focus on the goodness and 
greatness of God: all He has created and all He has done for 
us, life will seem good. If, instead, we focus on our pains and 
problems, we will not enjoy life much.

Even the bad things of life -- which are all the result of sin,
not what God did -- can benefit us IF they cause us to draw
nearer to God and act on His Word.

God's main purpose is to prepare us to be fit companions for
Himself for eternity. (See Romans 8 -- we WILL be conformed to
the image of Jesus Christ.) What God wants you to do is submit
to Him, feed on His Word, be thankful, walk in faith, and let
Him make you like Jesus Christ.

God's plan is good.

Marriage is good. If we disobey God by husbands not loving
their wives, and wives not respecting their husbands -- it can
be bad. But only because we make the wrong choice, to disregard
God's instruction.

Work is good. It is satisfying to do a job well and accomplish
something. But when we don't do our work as unto the Lord, or
try to make our jobs our source, worshiping and serving money
instead of God -- work can be bad.

Family is good. Being surrounded by those you love and care
for, and who love and care for you, is a wonderful blessing.
But, when we fail to walk in love, and allow strife into our
relationships -- it can be bad.

If your life is not good, then you need to make adjustments
based on the Bible.

When you see your cup as half full, instead of half empty --
life will be better for you. Take time to smell the flowers,
and rejoice in all the goodness of God. Rejoice in all the
beauty of God's creation -- life.

SAY THIS: God made life, and it is very good.