Faith Never Quits

True faith in God never gives up or quits, for it knows that
God always has the final word.

Faith in God never quits because God never fails. So we don't
have to give up even when circumstances look impossible.

2 CORINTHIANS 1:8-10 ESV
8 For we do not want you to be ignorant, brothers, of the
affliction we experienced in Asia. For we were so utterly
burdened beyond our strength that we despaired of life itself.
9 Indeed, we felt that we had received the sentence of death.
But that was to make us rely not on ourselves but on God who
raises the dead.
10 He delivered us from such a deadly peril, and he will
deliver us. On him we have set our hope that he will deliver us
again.

He is the God who raises the dead! Even when it looks like all
hope is gone -- God can bring resurrection!

Even when all reason tells us to give up, we can keep on
trusting God and believing He is working to bring about good.
For God always keeps His Word and brings it to fulfillment.

HEBREWS 10:23 KJV
23 Let us hold fast the profession of our faith without
wavering; (for he is faithful that promised;)

God's Word is always the final reality. So we need to keep
speaking in agreement with God's Word for it is ultimate Truth!
Circumstances can change. Doctors can be wrong. Lawyers can
change their mind. But God never changes! If you keep trusting
God He will not let you down.

GALATIANS 6:9 ESV
9 And let us not grow weary of doing good, for in due season we
will reap, if we do not give up.

When you truly believe something belongs to you, you will not
easily give it up! So when you see in the Bible that God has
already given you something, you should put up a never-ending
fight to keep the devil from stealing it from you.

All that steals, kills, and destroys is from our enemy. Acts
10:38 says all those healed by Jesus were oppressed by the
devil.

The Bible instructs us to resist the devil and all his works.
That means we should never give in to him. Never!

EPHESIANS 4:27 KJV
27 Neither give place to the devil.

JAMES 4:7 ESV
7 Submit yourselves therefore to God. Resist the devil, and he
will flee from you.

The devil must back off when we resist him!

1 PETER 5:8-9 ESV
8 Be sober-minded; be watchful. Your adversary the devil prowls
around like a roaring lion, seeking someone to devour.
9 Resist him, firm in your faith, knowing that the same kinds
of suffering are being experienced by your brotherhood
throughout the world.

Notice that the devil has to seek someone to devour. The devil
cannot devour everyone, only those who will not resist him in
faith.

LUKE 10:19 ESV
19 Behold, I have given you authority to tread on serpents and
scorpions, and over all the power of the enemy, and nothing
shall hurt you.

Nothing will hurt you!

What you are going through may be so scary you can hardly
breathe. Stepping on serpents and scorpions would certainly be
scary! But don't give up no matter what seems to be happening!
You have authority in Christ Jesus over all the power of the
enemy. Use it!

Just like the children of Israel who were thrown to the lions
and thrown into the fire, you will not be hurt, if you keep on
believing!

To never give up on your faith even in the face of horrible
circumstances is not easy, to say the least. But it is
possible! God is your Helper! You can overcome and receive the
blessings promised those who overcome.

SAY THIS: God never quits, so I will never quit believing God's
Word.