You Are A Spirit

JOHN 4:24 NKJ
24 "God is Spirit, and those who worship Him must worship in 
spirit and truth." 

GENESIS 1:26-27 NKJ
26 Then God said, "Let Us make man in Our image, according to 
Our likeness...." 
27 So God created man in His own image; in the image of God He 
created him; male and female He created them. 

Because we are created in the image of God, it follows that, 
since He is spirit -- we are also spirit.

To say it clearly, you are a spirit-being, you have a soul 
(mind and emotions), and you live in a body.

1 THESSALONIANS 5:23 NKJ
23 Now may the God of peace Himself sanctify you completely; 
and may your whole spirit, soul, and body be preserved 
blameless at the coming of our Lord Jesus Christ. 

According to Scripture, humans have 3 parts: spirit, soul, and 
body. (Note that spirit and soul are not the same.)

ROMANS 12:1-2 NKJ
1 I beseech you therefore, brethren, by the mercies of God, 
that you present your bodies a living sacrifice, holy, 
acceptable to God, which is your reasonable service. 
2 And do not be conformed to this world, but be transformed by 
the renewing of your mind, that you may prove what is that 
good and acceptable and perfect will of God. 

Note that YOU are to do something with your body. So, your body 
is not the real you, but something that you possess. Also, YOU 
are to renew your mind (verse 2). You are not told to do 
anything about your spirit in this passage because your spirit 
is the part that is born again with new life from God when you 
receive Jesus.

JOHN 3:6-7 NKJ
6 "That which is born of the flesh is flesh, and that which is 
born of the Spirit is spirit. 
7 "Do not marvel that I said to you, 'You must be born again.' 

From this Scripture we see that when you are born again, the 
part that is born again is your spirit -- not your mind, and 
not your body.

So, the real you is your spirit -- which is born again, right 
with God, and filled with His life. You are to control your 
body, and to control what is fed into your mind, so that it can 
be renewed by the Word of God to know the truth. Then your life 
will be changed, and conformed to the will of God.

SAY THIS: According to the Bible, I am a spirit being. I have a 
soul, and I live in a body.