God Gives Seed

LUKE 8:11 NLT
11 "This is the meaning of the parable: The seed is God's word.

God usually gives us things in seed form. When we look at an
acorn, we don't see an oak tree, or a forest of oak trees, but
God can.

Ideas are seeds. When God desires to send a blessing into your 
life, usually He gives you an idea. When you act on the idea, 
blessings manifest in your life. (Of course, not all ideas are 
from God, so we should judge them before acting.)

2 CORINTHIANS 9:10 NLT
10 For God is the one who provides seed for the farmer and then
bread to eat. In the same way, he will provide and increase
your resources and then produce a great harvest of generosity
in you.

Most of what God gives us comes in seed form. This is why so
many think God has failed to provide for them or that He
doesn't care. It's because they did not recognize God's
provision, because it came in seed form.

ISAIAH 55:10-11 NLT
10 "The rain and snow come down from the heavens and stay on
the ground to water the earth. They cause the grain to grow,
producing seed for the farmer and bread for the hungry.
11 It is the same with my word. I send it out, and it always
produces fruit. It will accomplish all I want it to, and it
will prosper everywhere I send it.

God gives us seed, but we must value it and protect it. If we
are moved by the storms of circumstances that try to convince
us God's Word will not work, we allow the devil to steal it
from us.

MATTHEW 13:19,23 NKJ
19 "When anyone hears the word of the kingdom, and does not
understand it, then the wicked one comes and snatches away what
was sown in his heart. This is he who received seed by the
wayside.
23 "But he who received seed on the good ground is he who hears
the word and understands it, who indeed bears fruit and
produces: some a hundredfold, some sixty, some thirty."

When we understand God's message and steadfastly act on it,
regardless of circumstances or feelings, it always results in a
harvest of blessing. God's Word always works!

SAY THIS: God has given me valuable seed for a purpose.