Christians Love Their Enemies

MATTHEW 5:44 NKJ
44 "But I say to you, love your enemies, bless those who curse
you, do good to those who hate you, and pray for those who
spitefully use you and persecute you,

No other belief system teaches such an idea! Only followers of
Jesus preach this.

This idea will change the world! In fact, it is the only one
that will change it as it needs to be changed.

But only those who are connected to God, the source of Love,
are fully capable of loving their enemies.

What does it mean to love our enemies?

To understand this we need to have a definition. To love
someone means to desire the best for them and to work toward
that end.

Does it mean to let our enemies do whatever they will to us?
No, not necessarily.

Remember our definition of loving someone is desiring and
working toward what will be best for them.

Allowing someone to do something not in their best interest is
not love, but apathy. It means you don't really care. Stopping
someone, even with force, from doing something they will later
regret can be an act of love.

Allowing an enemy to destroy your family, instead of protecting
and defending them, certainly cannot be considered an act of
love.

But you can protect your loved ones, then later pray for the
salvation and healing of the attacker, instead of hating the
attacker and hoping they go to hell.

ROMANS 12:19 NIV
19 Do not take revenge, my friends, but leave room for God's
wrath, for it is written: "It is mine to avenge; I will repay,"
says the Lord.

Revenge is the way of the world. Forgiveness and mercy is God's
way. God asks us to love people as He loves us (John 15:12).

God's way will turn enemies into friends.

ROMANS 5:5b NKJ
5 the love of God has been poured out in our hearts by the Holy
Spirit who was given to us.

As true believers in Jesus, we have the love of God in our
hearts. But we must allow that love to control our actions. The
choice is ours. It is not automatic.

God's children have the ability to choose to love. It's
actually our inner nature as Christians to show love.

1 JOHN 4:8 NKJ
8 He who does not love does not know God, for God is love.

If you don't realize that God loves everyone, that He is
interested in, and working toward, the best for everyone --
then you don't know God.

ROMANS 12:14,20-21 NKJ
14 Bless those who persecute you; bless and do not curse.
20 Therefore "If your enemy is hungry, feed him; If he is
thirsty, give him a drink; For in so doing you will heap coals
of fire on his head."
21 Do not be overcome by evil, but overcome evil with good.

This may not be easy, but with God's love inside you and with
God helping you -- you can do it.

SAY THIS: God wants me to show love to absolutely everyone.