The Accurate Message Of Jesus

JOHN 8:31-32 NKJ
31 Then Jesus said to those Jews who believed Him, "If you
abide in My word, you are My disciples indeed.
32 "And you shall know the truth, and the truth shall make you
free."

The promise of Jesus is clear: the end result of staying in His
Word will be freedom.

So, if you are not becoming more free, you need to examine if
you are accurate in your understanding of the Word of God.

JOHN 8:31-32 KJV
31 Then said Jesus to those Jews which believed on him, If ye
continue in my word, then are ye my disciples indeed;
32 And ye shall know the truth, and the truth shall make you
free.

Whether the Greek word is translated as continue, abide, or
remain, the meaning is clear. You need to stick with the Word;
not stop and start; not try it for awhile; but jump in with
both feet and stay there.

"What do you mean by freedom, preacher?"

I don't mean a license to sin. Sin produces bondage -- the
opposite of what I am talking about.

I mean freedom in every area of life. Freedom from having to
sin. Freedom from fear. Freedom from worry. Freedom from doubt.
Freedom from strife. Freedom from confusion. Freedom from
family problems. Freedom from oppression. Freedom from poverty.
Freedom from disease.

Note that Jesus did not promise that everyone who called Him
Master would automatically and instantly be free. Instead Jesus
indicated that time would be involved before those who truly
followed Him would see the full result of the freedom His Word
would produce in their lives.

If you continue....

If you abide....

If you live in....

If you remain in....

Don't forget the "IF." And don't forget the "CONTINUE." This
Scripture promise is NOT for everyone who claims to be a
Christian. Only for those who are willing to spend the time and
effort required to feed on God's Word.

While I do not wish to criticize any group of Christian
believers, I do think we should all individually judge our own
situations. If the Bible teachers you have been listening to
are not producing freedom in your life, you should prayerfully
examine whether the message they proclaim is accurate -- or
distorted.

Remember that it only takes a tiny amount of poison added to an
otherwise wonderful and nutritious meal to make it dangerous.

SAY THIS: I will continue, abide in, and remain in the accurate
message of Jesus Christ, without ever giving up, and it will
produce freedom in my life.