The Father Is Raising A Family

HEBREWS 2:10a NLT
10 God, for whom and through whom everything was made, chose to
bring many children into glory.

If you want to understand life, and the Bible, then you need to
understand God's plan and purpose.

We're here because God wants a family.

This is what life is all about. The best description and
summary of what is going on is that God is raising a family. It
is happening in a realm where there is free choice and
temptation to do wrong, but God has provided everything
necessary for our complete victory and maturity.

If you keep this perspective clearly in view, it will give you
the right framework for your thinking about God. Every thing
God does has this purpose in mind.

2 CORINTHIANS 6:18 NLT
18 And I will be your Father, and you will be my sons and
daughters, says the LORD Almighty."

We are in preparation for eternity, and this life on earth is
just first grade in our learning experience.

MATTHEW 5:45 NLT
45 In that way, you will be acting as true children of your
Father in heaven. For he gives his sunlight to both the evil
and the good, and he sends rain on the just and the unjust
alike.

Jesus revealed that we should primarily relate to God as a
Father. Not as our judge, not as our boss, but as a loving
Father who is training us to be like Jesus, so we can enjoy
fellowship with Him for eternity.

(We cannot become like Jesus by our own effort. Only by
receiving Jesus and allowing Him to live through us is it
possible to become like Him.)

ROMANS 8:28-29 NLT
28 And we know that God causes everything to work together for
the good of those who love God and are called according to his
purpose for them.
29 For God knew his people in advance, and he chose them to
become like his Son, so that his Son would be the firstborn
among many brothers and sisters.

1 JOHN 3:2 NLT
2 Dear friends, we are already God's children, but he has not
yet shown us what we will be like when Christ appears. But we
do know that we will be like him, for we will see him as he
really is.

God is training his family and preparing us to be fit
companions to Deity for eternity. God is raising a family that
He will enjoy being with, and not just have to tolerate.

In the light of eternity our spiritual growth is most
important. How can we recognize spiritual growth? By the fruit
of the spirit, which is the same as becoming more like Jesus
Christ.

EPHESIANS 4:15 NLT
15 Instead, we will speak the truth in love, growing in every
way more and more like Christ, who is the head of his body, the
church.

GALATIANS 5:22-23 NLT
22 But the Holy Spirit produces this kind of fruit in our
lives: love, joy, peace, patience, kindness, goodness,
faithfulness,
23 gentleness, and self-control. There is no law against these
things!

Becoming more like Jesus and learning the ways of God is God's
plan for you in this life.

SAY THIS: I am glad to be part of the eternal family my Father
God is raising and training.