We Know In Part

1 CORINTHIANS 13:9 NKJ
9 For we know in part and we prophesy in part.

The apostle Paul, who was caught up into Heaven, given divine
revelation, and wrote down most of the New Testament, said he
only knew in part.

If he only knew in part -- how much more it must be true for
us.

One problem we have is too many people thinking they know more
than they really do. Just because you have read the Bible does
not make you a Bible expert. Just because you have a degree
from a Bible school does not mean you have all the answers.

Even if you know Hebrew and Greek, so you can read the Bible in
the original languages, it does not mean you understand the
Bible. It can help, but it does not guarantee understanding.
The apostle Paul certainly knew those languages, yet he only
knew in part.

Understanding the Bible does not come through study alone, but
also by divine illumination. Understanding comes from God.

We need to be smart enough to admit, along with the apostle
Paul, that we don't know it all.

It's not a sin to not know everything. We should not feel like
we must have an answer for every question.

God even said there are some things that are secret.

DEUTERONOMY 29:29 NKJ
29 "The secret things belong to the Lord our God, but those
things which are revealed belong to us and to our children
forever, that we may do all the words of this law.

God also indicates there are things in His Word we will only
see if we search diligently and work at it, like we were
digging for silver (Proverbs 2:1-7).

So, we all need to remain humble. Humility always accompanies
wisdom. There is much in the Bible that none of us yet knows
completely.

1 CORINTHIANS 13:12 NKJ
12 For now we see in a mirror, dimly, but then face to face.
Now I know in part, but then I shall know just as I also am
known.

Only when we are face to face with God will we see the whole
picture. Until then we will only know in part. Certainly we can
learn more now, and we should. But we must always remember
that, in this life, none of us will ever know it all.

This is not written to make you doubt the Word of God, but
simply to remind you that we are ALL still learning. We don't
know everything. So we should never forget that our faith
should not rest in ourselves, but in the Living God and His
Word.

Jesus promised He would never leave us, so although we don't
know everything -- He does -- and we can trust Him to help us.
In that way we can overcome whatever we face and walk in
victory.

SAY THIS: I don't know everything yet.