Faith Is A Choice

LUKE 22:67 NASB
67 "If You are the Christ, tell us." But He said to them, "If I
tell you, you will not believe;

No one can force anyone to believe anything. Each one of us
chooses whether we will believe something, based on our
evaluation of the evidence presented to us.

Faith and belief may have different English meanings, but in 
the New Testament they are different forms of the same Greek 
word. Believe is the verb and faith is the noun for the same 
word. (Like think and thought are in English.)

JOHN 20:25 NASB
25 The other disciples therefore were saying to him, "We have
seen the Lord!" But he said to them, "Unless I shall see in His
hands the imprint of the nails, and put my finger into the
place of the nails, and put my hand into His side, I will not
believe."

Note that Thomas said, "I WILL NOT believe."

Many think seeing miracles would cause people to have faith.
But the only ones who believe as a result of seeing miracles
are those who choose to accept the miracle as sufficient
evidence for them to believe. It is still a choice.

JOHN 12:37 NET
37 Although Jesus had performed so many miraculous signs before
them, they still refused to believe in him,

I used to think faith was difficult to pin down with certainty
-- something like a feeling or state of being. But now I
understand that once we make the decision to believe, we are in
faith, no matter how we may feel.

At its heart, faith is always a decision. No one can force you
to believe in anything. The choice is yours.

However, we cannot believe or have faith in anything without
evidence. We must have evidence that convinces us before we can
believe something.

The primary evidence God has given us so that we may have faith
in Him is His Word. God is not a liar; He can be trusted.
Whatever God says, always comes to pass.

So if someone says they don't have much faith, the solution is
for them to see the evidence from God's Word on that subject,
then choose to accept what God said as true. Then they will
have faith. At that point they may not feel anything, but they
have faith.

The primary action of faith toward God is speaking in agreement
with God's Word. Jesus said if you had faith you would say. So
we express what we believe by the words we speak. And then we
stand in that position of faith, regardless of feelings or
circumstances.

SAY THIS: Nothing can force me to believe. I must choose to
believe.