The Wages Of Sin

ROMANS 6:23 NLT
23 For the wages of sin is death, but the free gift of God is
eternal life through Christ Jesus our Lord.

Sin will kill you. If you practice sin, it will pay you by
destroying you.

1 TIMOTHY 1:15 NLT
15 This is a trustworthy saying, and everyone should accept it:
"Christ Jesus came into the world to save sinners"....

Jesus came to save, or deliver, those caught in the trap of
sin. He freely offers to all -- regardless of their sins -- the
gift of forgiveness and life. Not just living, or even living
forever. But the life of the Eternal One, life as God has it
and enjoys it. Real life. Life that changes you inwardly. Life
that will last. Life as God intended it to be.

ROMANS 6:23 WEYMOUTH
23 For the wages paid by Sin are death; but God's free gift is
the Life of the Ages bestowed upon us in Christ Jesus our Lord.

It is not just because God hates sin, that sinners need to be
saved. It is because sin is a killer. Sin destroys. Sin hurts
people. God is against sin because He loves people. But God did
not stop at being against sin without giving us an answer -- a
way of escaping sin's clutches.

ROMANS 5:8 BBE
8 But God has made clear his love to us, in that, when we were
still sinners, Christ gave his life for us.

Jesus died for sinners because we needed help. We were trapped
in a very bad situation. Sin is deadly and destroys all that is
good. Sinners desperately need deliverance -- even if they
don't realize it.

Just because sinners don't realize they are in bondage does not
change reality. You could be driving at top speed down a
highway and not realize the bridge ahead had been destroyed,
but that would not change the outcome just because you didn't
know the bridge was out. To fully realize the ramifications of
sin, we need a bigger, more experienced viewpoint than the one
we have.

God realized our need and His great love compelled Him to offer
us a solution. That solution is found in accepting the Lord
Jesus Christ. Jesus is God's solution to mankind's sin problem.
Jesus is the Savior (Deliverer). Jesus is the One who sets us
free from both the penalty and the bondage of sin, and all its
effects.

No matter who you are, if you have a problem with sin, look to
Jesus for deliverance.

SAY THIS: Sin pays death, but Jesus gives life. I choose Jesus.