Honor Your Parents

EPHESIANS 6:2-3 NKJ
2 "Honor your father and mother," which is the first
commandment with promise:
3 "that it may be well with you and you may live long on the
earth."

Think about this: God himself promises that if you will honor
your parents you will have a long and blessed life.

What a promise!

So we need to learn from Scripture what God means by "honoring"
our parents, so we can do it and be blessed.

MATTHEW 15:4-6 NLT
4 For instance, God says, `Honor your father and mother,' and
`Anyone who speaks evil of father or mother must be put to
death.'"
5 But you say, `You don't need to honor your parents by caring
for their needs if you give the money to God instead.'
6 And so, by your own tradition, you nullify the direct
commandment of God.

Here we have Jesus telling one way that people are to honor
their parents: by caring for their needs.

So honoring your parents is not just speaking politely to them,
or telling others that they are great parents. If your parents
have needs, you should help them. In this way, according to
Jesus, you are showing them honor.

Here is Mark's account of the same speech:

MARK 7:10-12 NLT
10 For instance, Moses gave you this law from God: `Honor your
father and mother,' and `Anyone who speaks evil of father or
mother must be put to death.'
11 But you say it is all right for people to say to their
parents, `Sorry, I can't help you. For I have vowed to give to
God what I could have given to you.'
12 You let them disregard their needy parents.

Obviously, letting your parents go with unmet needs, when you
could meet them, is the opposite of showing them honor.

Of course, the words we speak and the attitude we have toward
our parents, also indicates how we honor them.

The word translated honor means to value or prize. God is
telling us we should value our parents highly. When you
consider something valuable you take care of it, and speak well
of it. This is how you should treat your parents -- if you
desire God's blessing.

(This is not to say we should honor parents above God and His 
will. Parents should not control the lives of grown sons or 
daughters. But, no matter what, our parents deserve love and 
respect -- not necessarily lifelong obedience.)

SAY THIS: I will honor my parents and I will be blessed.