Faith Speaks

MATTHEW 17:20 NASB
20 ... if you have faith ... you shall say to this mountain ...

The action of Bible faith is (primarily) speaking (and standing
on your statement of faith). Jesus said if you had faith -- you
would say!

There is no such thing as just silently believing. What you
believe will come out. If you don't have enough confidence to
say it, you don't really believe it.

LUKE 17:6 NASB
6 And the Lord said, "If you had faith ... you would say to
this mulberry tree ...

MATTHEW 21:21 NASB
21 ... if you have faith, and do not doubt ... if you say to
this mountain . . . it shall happen.

For faith to operate, it must be released through spoken words,
according to Jesus.

What you speak is evidence of your faith. Another way of saying
that is: your speech reveals what you believe.

2 CORINTHIANS 4:13 NASB
13 But having the same spirit of faith, according to what is
written, "I believed, therefore I spoke," we also believe,
therefore also we speak;

If you believe, you will therefore speak.

LUKE 6:45 NASB
45 "The good man out of the good treasure of his heart brings
forth what is good; and the evil man out of the evil treasure
brings forth what is evil; for his mouth speaks from that which
fills his heart.

MATTHEW 12:34 NASB
34 "You brood of vipers, how can you, being evil, speak what is
good? For the mouth speaks out of that which fills the heart.

You speak what you believe in your heart. Not always, for you
can pretend or lie. But when your guard is down and you speak
spontaneously without thinking, you will say what you believe
in your heart.

ROMANS 10:8 NASB
8 But what does it say? "The word is near you, in your mouth
and in your heart" -- that is, the word of faith which we are
preaching,

Where is the word of faith? In the heart and in the mouth. For
faith to work properly, it must be in both places.

ROMANS 10:10 NASB
10 for with the heart man believes, resulting in righteousness,
and with the mouth he confesses, resulting in salvation.

What you believe in your heart must be expressed through your
mouth for it to produce. Salvation means deliverance. So this
is the way Scripture tells us people can be delivered and set
free: believe in their heart, and say it with their mouth.

SAY THIS: I have faith in God, so I will speak up.