Help Someone Today

PHILIPPIANS 2:4 NKJ
4 Let each of you look out not only for his own interests, but
also for the interests of others.

Every person you see today is a person God loves. (Just like
you and me, they probably don't deserve God's love, but He
loves them anyway.) God would appreciate you helping them -- on
His behalf.

Jesus said that His followers would be known by our love. That
has to mean that people will see our love expressed through
giving help to others.

JOHN 13:35 NKJ
35 "By this all will know that you are My disciples, if you
have love for one another."

The Holy Spirit is a Helper. When we allow Him to indwell us,
we will also become helpers.

JOHN 15:26 NKJ
26 "But when the Helper comes, whom I shall send to you from
the Father, the Spirit of truth who proceeds from the Father,
He will testify of Me.

None of us can help everyone. But all of us can help the one in
front of us. Even if it is just giving a smile, a word of
encouragement, or a helping hand.

Here is an amazing fact: Whatever we do give in helping people,
Jesus takes it personally.

MATTHEW 25:40 NKJ
40 "And the King will answer and say to them, 'Assuredly, I say
to you, inasmuch as you did it to one of the least of these My
brethren, you did it to Me.'

The essence of God's kingdom is unselfish love. Jesus
demonstrated this for us perfectly. Acts 10:38 summarizes His
life by saying He went about doing good.

When God's love in our hearts is released it will result in us
helping someone. That is what the love of God produces.

There is a certain satisfaction in worldly accomplishment. But
it never brings deep satisfaction and fulfillment. So many try
(in vain) to achieve more and more success and fame and gather
more and more material things. But that never brings them what
they inwardly crave.

You were created in the image of God, who is love. And until
you become more of a giver instead of a taker, you will not be
happy.

Selfish accomplishment will never give you the inner joy and
fulfillment that you will find in helping others.

You were created in God's image -- to be a blessing -- to be a
helper.

If you want to start feeling better, help others. Unselfishly
helping those in need will bring you joy.

SAY THIS: My purpose is to help people for God.