I Will Be A Father To You

2 CORINTHIANS 6:18 NKJ
18 "I will be a Father to you, And you shall be My sons and
daughters, Says the LORD Almighty."

You may not have been blessed with good earthly parents. But
you are blessed with a wonderful, perfect Heavenly Father!

Earthly fathers may fail us, but Scripture reveals that our
Father God is much better than any earthly parent. God is
perfect, and He never fails!

MATTHEW 7:11 NKJ
11 "If you then, being evil, know how to give good gifts to
your children, how much more will your Father who is in heaven
give good things to those who ask Him!

ISAIAH 49:15 NKJ
15 "Can a woman forget her nursing child, And not have
compassion on the son of her womb? Surely they may forget, Yet
I will not forget you.

You will face problems in life, but no matter what you face,
your Father God will be there to take care of you.

What did God mean when He promised to be a Father to you?

A father is someone stronger, more capable, and more
knowledgable than you are, and thus able to provide for you
when you are not able to do so for yourself.

A good father assumes responsibility for his children, to
provide for them, care for them, and train them so they can be
successful.

A school may decide to "expel" a child who is not responding as
they wish. But a good father will continue to care for their
child, no matter what.

A child does not have to be perfect to be loved and provided
for by a good parent. Nor do you have to be perfect for God to
love you. God loves you simply because you are His child, not
because you are perfect.

A good father will correct you, but His aim is to provide
encouragement, not discouragement. And a good father never
expects more from a child than the child is capable of doing.

Also a good father never does anything that would harm his 
child. Every good and perfect gift comes from our Father God, 
and anything harmful is from our enemy the devil. 

If you are a Christian believer then Almighty God promises to
be a Father to you! What a comforting thought! This should
cause you to face life with confidence.

SAY THIS: God promised to assume responsibility for being a
Father to me!