Read The Bible

1 TIMOTHY 4:13 BBE
13 Till I come, give attention to the reading of the holy
Writings, to comforting the saints, and to teaching.

HEBREWS 4:12 BBE
12 For the word of God is living and full of power. . .

There is no substitute for the basics.

The words of God recorded in the Bible are containers. They
contain ideas from God. They contain life. When those words
enter us through our eyes, ears, or our thinking, they impart
life and faith.

Even if we don't understand everything, we are still receiving
a deposit of life from the Word.

JOHN 6:63 NIV
63 . . . The words I have spoken to you are spirit and they are
life.

Many Christian believers are weak in their faith simply because
they do not take in much of the Word of God.

If you spend hours each day listening to, watching, and
thinking about the news and views of the world, but you only
listen (half-heartedly) to a twenty minute sermon on Sunday --
you should not be surprised if your faith is weak and the
influence of the world is great in your life.

The choice is yours. Yes, you are busy, but you can, and do,
make time for what you think is important.

Fortunately, today there are many aids we can take advantage
of. You can read the Bible online, and be reminded each day by
an email. You can obtain recordings of Bible translations to
listen to while you drive or exercise or work.

"But what should I read? The Bible is so big."

All of the Bible is instructive and worthwhile. However, the
New Testament, and specifically the letters to the Church, is
written directly to us and is most applicable for us today.

If you want to get acquainted with the Lord, read the four
Gospels, Matthew, Mark, Luke, and John. I would recommend
starting with John. Mark is the shortest.

If you want to understand redemption and what has happened to
you as a result of receiving Christ, and how to live in
victory, then you need to read the letters in the New
Testament, which are all the books except the Gospels I just
mentioned, and the book of Revelation.

Always remember that the Bible is faith food. So if you want
your faith to be strong, you need to feed it on the Bible. It
does not matter if you feel any different, for faith is not
something that you feel. Faith is of the spirit, not of the
feeling realm.

SAY THIS: I will read the Bible and it will help me.