Mustard Seed Faith

MATTHEW 17:20 NKJ
20 So Jesus said to them, "Because of your unbelief; for
assuredly, I say to you, if you have faith as a mustard seed,
you will say to this mountain, 'Move from here to there,' and
it will move; and nothing will be impossible for you.

Unfortunately many modern English translations talk about faith
"the size of a mustard seed," but the Bible actually says that
God's kingdom and faith are "like a mustard seed," or "as a
mustard seed."

The size of a mustard seed is only one of its characteristics,
and not necessarily the most important one.

The mustard plant is a fast-growing annual herb, growing up to
10-12 feet tall in only a few months. It was the smallest seed
the Jewish people planted in their gardens, so it was called
the smallest of seeds. Yet it became the largest plant in their
gardens when it was grown.

The mustard seed is a striking example of the potential of a
seed. Although it starts out small and insignificant, it
quickly grows into something that blesses others.

Now let's consider some things about seeds other than how small
they are.

A seed does nothing until it is planted. Jesus seems to
indicate that our faith is planted by speaking. "If you have
faith as a mustard seed, you will say..."

So to have mustard seed faith, we have to say something. Saying
what God says in His Word is our best choice.

A seed can even push aside rocks or other obstacles, but it
does not do so instantaneously. A seed does not move hindrances
by an explosive burst, but by a relentless expansion of growth
continually pushing outward and upward.

As a seed becomes a plant, it continues to draw nutrients from
its source, and thus continues to grow bigger and stronger,
forcing hindrances out of its way.

No seed is ever affected by what other seeds do. Even if other
seeds die, it keeps on.

A seed is persistent, never giving up. Only death will stop it
from growing and working to produce fruit. This may be the most
important characteristic of a mustard seed: it never gives up!

SAY THIS: Let's have faith as a mustard seed! Jesus said we can.