God Has Already Given

Most people are asking God to give them things that God says
already belong to them.

Many are still hoping God will forgive them. But Scripture
tells us God has already forgiven us, and He is no longer
holding our sins against us.

2 CORINTHIANS 5:19 NLT
19 For God was in Christ, reconciling the world to himself, no
longer counting people's sins against them. And he gave us this
wonderful message of reconciliation.

Instead of begging God to forgive us, we should be thanking Him
for already forgiving us! And we should tell others they are
also forgiven!

Just as God has already forgiven us, He has also already
blessed us. He has given us every blessing.

EPHESIANS 1:3 GWN
3 Praise the God and Father of our Lord Jesus Christ! Through
Christ, God has blessed us with every spiritual blessing that
heaven has to offer.

God HAS blessed us with everything Heaven has to offer.
Spiritual blessings are the reality behind all physical
blessings. They are what cause the physical manifestations.

God has already given. Now we need to learn how to receive His
blessings, and to keep the devil from stealing them from us and
our families.

Once we truly realize God has already given to us, we will rise
up and stop the enemy stealing from us.

Scripture says God already gave us all things when He gave us
Christ Jesus.

ROMANS 8:32 NKJ
32 He who did not spare His own Son, but delivered Him up for
us all, how shall He not with Him also freely give us all
things?

WITH Jesus He freely gave us ALL things!

Can you imagine God saying, "I will give you my Son, but you
can't have ________." Ridiculous! With Jesus we were given
EVERYTHING God has. Every blessing.

God has not held back on us.

2 PETER 1:3 NKJ
3 as His divine power has given to us all things that pertain
to life and godliness, through the knowledge of Him who called
us by glory and virtue,

All things that pertain to life and godliness are ours through
the knowledge of Christ. Whatever pertains to you having a
full, satisfying, joy-filled life -- God has already given you.

Jesus is the heir of all things, and we are joint-heirs with
Him (Hebrews 1:2, Galatians 4:7, Romans 8:17).

God has given healing. God has given prosperity. God has given
peace. God has given joy. God has given us all the blessings
Heaven has.

We don't need to convince God to help us. We only need to learn
how to receive what God has already given to us.

SAY THIS: I should receive what God already paid for and
provided for me.