You Are Beautiful

ECCLESIASTES 3:11a NKJ
11 He has made everything beautiful in its time.

Everyone is beautiful to God. And the world will eventually see
what God sees in people.

God saw you as so valuable that He judged it was worthwhile to
die for you. The death of the Son of God was a huge price to
pay for you. You are valuable!

You may not be what the current world system calls beautiful.
But you are beautiful to God -- the only Judge who really
matters.

God created you, and as it has been said, "God doesn't make
junk."

EPHESIANS 2:10 NLT
10 For we are God's masterpiece. He has created us anew in
Christ Jesus, so we can do the good things he planned for us
long ago.

God has a wonderful eternal purpose for you, and He has not
made a mistake in your life.

Your body may be presently imperfect -- or even disfigured. But
you must realize that the body you are now living in is not
you. You live in that body just like you live in a house.

The real you -- who is truly valuable and beautiful to God --
is the inner person. That's who you really are.

1 PETER 3:4 NKJ
4 rather let it be the hidden person of the heart, with the
incorruptible beauty of a gentle and quiet spirit, which is
very precious in the sight of God.

2 CORINTHIANS 4:16 NKJ
16 Therefore we do not lose heart. Even though our outward man
is perishing, yet the inward man is being renewed day by day.

How you see yourself is important. It determines how you will
act. Reality is how God sees things.

When you embrace the truth that God truly loves you, and sees
you as valuable enough to die for, then you will see that other
people are also valuable, and should be treated with love and
respect.

You need to wake up to this reality.

How you look and act now is only temporary. You are being
changed to conform to the image of Jesus Christ (Romans 8:29).
You will be like Jesus! What a thought! God sees your
potential, what you will become, not just where you are now.

You need to get God's perspective which will encourage you. You
cannot even imagine what a beautiful, glorious creature you
will be. God sees you with that potential now, and treats you
accordingly.

Everything God made is very beautiful. Anything that distorts
or mars that beauty is because of the curse brought in by the
devil. The Good News is that Jesus has already paid the price
to redeem us from the curse.

So, we are redeemed from everything that is not beauty. We can
say we are redeemed from being ugly -- inside and out. We are
redeemed by the precious blood of Jesus! Jesus paid the
ultimate price to set you free from the curse and all it
brought. That includes everything ugly.

SAY THIS: God made me beautiful. The blood of Jesus set me free
from ugly.