God Does Not Defend Himself

A curious thing about God is that He never seems to defend
Himself! This is important for us to understand as we face the
daily spiritual battle.

Humans usually interpret silence on the part of someone being
accused as guilt. But this is wrong when God is accused.

Jesus never argued with anyone. God gave His Word. You either
believe it or you don't. God doesn't beg you to believe in Him,
or try to convince you against your will.

MARK 15:3-5 NKJ
3 And the chief priests accused Him of many things, but He
answered nothing.
4 Then Pilate asked Him again, saying, "Do You answer nothing?
See how many things they testify against You!"
5 But Jesus still answered nothing, so that Pilate marveled.

Although the Gospel of John says Jesus talked some with Pilate,
He did not in any way defend Himself.

Who do you think tells us that God is bad? Who puts those
thoughts in your mind?

REVELATION 12:10 NKJ
10 . . . for the accuser of our brethren, who accused them
before our God day and night, has been cast down.

The Bible reveals satan is the accuser. The devil accuses us
before God, and accuses God to us. We need to learn, like God,
to ignore what the devil says.

Ignoring what the devil says is a way to resist him. When he
brings thoughts of doubt to us, but we don't act on his lies or
speak them, we are resisting the devil. We cast down whatever
is against God's Word by not accepting it or speaking it.

It is probably safe to say that satan is either author or
supporter of all thoughts which accuse God of wrong. Because
satan is behind accusations against God, you can see why God
would not stoop to defend Himself against them.

God's loving actions throughout history, including dying on the
cross for us, speak in God's defense. He has no need of any
other defense for an honest, searching person open to truth. We
should not blame God for evil and bad things. God is not
guilty!

JOB 40:2,8 NLT
2 "Do you still want to argue with the Almighty? You are God's
critic, but do you have the answers?"
8 "Will you discredit my justice and condemn me just to prove
you are right?

Throughout the book of Job many negative things were said about
God, questioning His justice. But when God came on the scene He
did not respond to any of the accusations (Job 38-42). God did
not defend Himself nor explain Himself. All God said was
basically, "Who are you?" and "What do you know?"

Instead of responding to the negative accusations, God turned
the focus to whether humans are really qualified to judge God.

Job's response was to repent and admit he didn't know what he
had been talking about (Job 42:3,6).

If we are honest, we have to admit there is much we don't know,
and we are not now fully qualified to judge God. Just because
we don't understand everything that happens is no reason for us
to condemn God.

Imagine trying to explain something complicated to a one-year-
old child. No matter how smart we may think we are, compared to
God we are no doubt very much like a one-year-old child in our
understanding of many things.

Because God does not defend Himself, and we lack total
understanding, our faith is sometimes tested. Doubts arise in
our minds. But we should never doubt that God is good and just.
He deserves our faith. We may not understand, but that is not
proof that God is guilty.

Why should God defend Himself? He is the judge, and He knows He
is innocent! Also, God knows all the accusations against Him
originate with His enemy, the devil.

In the Bible, God has already revealed the truth about who is
responsible for all the bad things that happen. We need to go
to the Bible for our answers. God has already revealed truth to
us through His written Word, so why should He repeat Himself?

One day God may defend Himself and explain all that He has
done. But it will be at a time when we are able to fully
comprehend. It won't be because God has to defend Himself, but
rather because He enjoys sharing with His children.

SAY THIS: God has no need to defend Himself. He is perfect!