Keep The Faith!

HEBREWS 4:14 NLT
14 So then, since we have a great High Priest who has entered
heaven, Jesus the Son of God, let us hold firmly to what we
believe.

Here on Earth, it is considered wise to save up for the future,
to have a plan for how you will be supported in your old age.
But how much more important should it be considered, to prepare
for eternity.

Some day, you will be living in Heaven. Then you will be glad 
you trusted Jesus and honored Him here on Earth.

1 PETER 1:6-7 NLT
6 So be truly glad. There is wonderful joy ahead, even though
you have to endure many trials for a little while.
7 These trials will show that your faith is genuine. It is
being tested as fire tests and purifies gold -- though your
faith is far more precious than mere gold. So when your faith
remains strong through many trials, it will bring you much
praise and glory and honor on the day when Jesus Christ is
revealed to the whole world.

Jesus never promised that following Him would exempt us from
facing problems in this life. But He did promise to always be
with us, and to help us overcome whatever we face.

The devil's whole strategy is to steal your faith in God.
Whenever we receive revelation of God's Word, it is to be
expected that the devil will try to steal that word from our
heart.

MATTHEW 13:19 NKJ
19 "When anyone hears the word of the kingdom, and does not
understand it, then the wicked one comes and snatches away what
was sown in his heart. This is he who received seed by the
wayside.

MARK 4:15 NKJ
15 "And these are the ones by the wayside where the word is
sown. When they hear, Satan comes immediately and takes away
the word that was sown in their hearts.

How could satan take the Word away from someone? Only by 
getting them to doubt it. By trying to arrange circumstances 
and feelings to make it seem like God's Word is not true. Why 
else would anyone turn loose of God's Word unless the Word does 
not seem to be working in their life?

God requires you to trust Him -- and He deserves your trust.

HEBREWS 11:6 NLT
6 And it is impossible to please God without faith. Anyone who
wants to come to him must believe that God exists and that he
rewards those who sincerely seek him.

So hang on tight to your faith in God and His Word!

If things don't seem to be working, ask God to teach you and
give you understanding of how to act on His Word accurately.
But never doubt God's faithfulness to keep His Word. Not only
will this benefit you in this life, but through all eternity.

SAY THIS: I will keep my faith in God because He is worthy of
my trust.