Light and Easy

MATTHEW 11:30 KJV
30 For my yoke is easy, and my burden is light.

Christians often struggle in their walk with the Lord, but it
should not be so. Have you ever thought, "It's so hard to be a
Christian!"?

I have.

At one time I believed it was so difficult being a Christian
that I had no motivation to tell others about the Lord. Living
for Jesus just seemed too hard for normal people.

How wrong and deceived I was!

Never forget that the message about Jesus Christ is the gospel
-- which means good news!

If you are having a hard struggle, it's not because of what the 
Lord is requiring of you. The problem lies with yourself -- in 
ignorance, pride, or unbelief, which the Lord will help you 
overcome.

Walking with the Lord is meant to be a joy, not a burden. Yes,
there are trials and difficulties. But the Lord always helps us
and delivers us. (Even if it results in martyrdom, we will be
delivered!) Therefore, we can always trust in the Lord and
rejoice in Him. When we do that, every day can be a joyful day.

Living the Christian life is not supposed to be just a matter
of our willpower, but a matter of trust -- faith in our Lord
Jesus Christ. He is the One who carries the load. We are not
qualified and capable of saving ourselves by our own effort.
That's why we need a savior.

Too many people are trying to save themselves, instead of
trusting in Jesus to save them and make them into what He wants
them to be.

PHILIPPIANS 2:13 NKJ
13 for it is God who works in you both to will and to do for
His good pleasure.

We do need to change -- to do better and be better. But our
focus needs to be on Jesus and not on ourselves. We need to ask
Him and expect Him to work in us and change us. The Christian
life is meant to be a constant fellowship with Jesus and
looking to Him in faith. Otherwise, in our own ability, it is
impossible.

Remember, Jesus is not out to condemn us, but to help us. He
loves us, and proved it by dying in our place.

SAY THIS: Living for Jesus is easy because the Lord is my
Helper.