Healing Belongs To You

ISAIAH 53:4-5 NKJ
4 Surely He has borne our griefs And carried our sorrows; Yet
we esteemed Him stricken, Smitten by God, and afflicted.
5 But He was wounded for our transgressions, He was bruised for
our iniquities; The chastisement for our peace was upon Him,
And by His stripes we are healed.

This passage in Isaiah foretells the great substitutionary
sacrifice of Jesus Christ on the cross, paying the price to
redeem all mankind from the curse resulting from Adam’s
rebellion. As you can clearly see, it includes healing along
with payment for our sins.

In Matthew 8 we have the inspired commentary of the Holy Spirit
Himself, affirming that the passage in Isaiah 53:4-5 includes
physical healing.

MATTHEW 8:16-17 NKJ
16 When evening had come, they brought to Him many who were
demon-possessed. And He cast out the spirits with a word, and
healed all who were sick,
17 that it might be fulfilled which was spoken by Isaiah the
prophet, saying: "He Himself took our infirmities And bore our
sicknesses."

Then Peter, writing to believers in New Covenant times, says we
were (already) healed. That does not mean we are necessarily
possessing healing, but that healing belongs to us.

1 PETER 2:24 NKJ
24 who Himself bore our sins in His own body on the tree, that
we, having died to sins, might live for righteousness -- by
whose stripes you were healed.

Just as much as your hands or your feet belong to you, healing
belongs to you. You need not ask permission from God to use
your hands or feet. They belong to you. They were given to you
as a gift. You did not earn them in any way.

It is the same with healing. You could not earn it. It was a
gift from God. Jesus paid for it with His own suffering. By the
wounds He suffered, healing was provided for you.

The normal human response to this great news is usually
something like "If healing belongs to me, then why am I sick?"

Ownership and possession are not the same thing. You can own
something you don't possess.

I am not saying you possess healing, but that it belongs to you
because Jesus paid for it and gave it to you.

So the main reason you may not have received healing is simply
because you did not know it belongs to you.

If you had money in a bank account in your name, but did not
know about it, it would do you no good.

If someone bought a house for you and gave you the legal
ownership papers, it would belong to you. Even if you had never
seen the house and were living in another state, it would still
be yours. Even if someone else was living in the house, it
would still be yours.

But if you wanted to possess that house and enjoy living in it,
you would have to decide to move there. If others occupied it
when you arrived, you would have to evict them. As the owner
the law is on your side, but you have to enforce the law.

Jesus purchased for you the house called "Healing & Health" and
the written Word of God is the legal notice of your ownership.
Where you choose to live now is up to you. Just because this
belongs to you does not mean the Lord will force you to live in
it.

Healing is not a promise in the New Covenant. A promise is
something that has not yet been done. A promise has to do with
the future. But healing is something that has already been
bought and paid for and is now yours through the sacrifice of
Jesus Christ.

So we should not approach healing in a passive manner, waiting
on God to do something. What we must realize is that God has
already done something about sickness and disease. Now we are
supposed to do something. We are to resist sickness and
actively receive and possess by faith the healing God has
already given us in Christ.

Provision has been made by God. Now it is our responsibility to
possess it.

Don't think this is strange. This is exactly the way God worked
with the children of Israel in the Old Testament. He told them
that the promised land belonged to them, but it was still
occupied by giants and they had to fight to possess the land.

It will be no different with you. For you to possess all that
God says is yours will require you to fight (1 Timothy 6:12).
But your fight will not be with other people, but with your own
feelings and reasonings.

Just as you accept the Bible as sufficient evidence to believe
that your sins are forgiven and you have a home in Heaven,
regardless of how you may feel, you should do the same with
what the Bible says about healing.

This message is not condemning anyone. We have simply been
ignorant of the truth. We have been destroyed for lack of
knowledge (Hosea 4:6). This is written to help spread the truth
so the Body of Christ can start rising up to possess all that
belongs to us.

It's time we quit approaching healing as beggars asking God to
heal us, and accept that the Bible says God has already given
us healing.

Then we can focus on how to possess what already belongs to us,
instead of begging God to give us something He has already
given to us.

What evidence should we demand of God before we will believe
that Jesus purchased our healing and it now belongs to us?
Should we demand that our bodies exhibit no symptoms of
sickness? Should we demand a signed note from our medical
doctor? Should we demand that God appear to us and tell us that
His written Word is actually true?

Are we unwilling to accept the evidence of God's Word, but
willing to always believe what the symptoms in our bodies tell
us? Are the symptoms in our bodies more reliable than God?

Should we ignore what God has said and trust completely in our
physical senses, and medical doctors, as our supreme authority?

It may be true that sickness is in your physical body, but that
is no proof it has a right to stay there.

We can beg God to heal us, and believe He has when we feel no
more symptoms of sickness in our body. Or, we can believe what
God says in the Bible that healing was obtained for us through
the sacrifice of our Lord Jesus, and therefore we should resist
the sickness and by faith possess the healing that already
belongs to us.

God's Word has told us what belongs to us. Now we must act on
what we have been told, and resist everything Jesus redeemed us
from.

Can we expect that all Christians will perfectly resist
sickness? Not any more than we can expect them to always resist
sin. But just because we fail to walk in complete victory is no
proof that it is not God's will and available to us.

Scripture uses the same words to tell us Jesus bore our
sicknesses as it does to tell us Jesus bore our sins. We know
we can still sin, but understand that Jesus has set us free
from sin's power so we don't have to sin. We must learn to see
sickness the same way and resist it as we would resist sin.

This article may leave questions in your mind. One article
cannot explain everything. But healing does belong to you. So
decide to quit letting the devil steal health from you and your
loved ones.

For more Scriptures about healing, see www.healing-book.com.

SAY THIS: Healing belongs to me because Jesus paid for it.