Children, Obey Your Parents

God's Word, the Bible, teaches children to respect, honor, and
obey their parents.

COLOSSIANS 3:20 NKJ
20 Children, obey your parents in all things, for this is well
pleasing to the Lord.

EPHESIANS 6:1-3 NKJ
1 Children, obey your parents in the Lord, for this is right.
2 "Honor your father and mother," which is the first
commandment with promise:
3 "that it may be well with you and you may live long on the
earth."

Only when we are children are we to OBEY our parents. But we
should always HONOR our parents as long as we live. To honor
primarily means to show respect and treat with special
consideration.

1 TIMOTHY 3:4 NKJ
4 . . . having his children in submission with all reverence

Children should submit to their parents and show them respect.

Even if your parents do not serve God, you still must respect
and obey them. However, God does not expect you to obey them
when they tell you to sin by doing wrong things. (see Acts
5:29)

From the Old Testament we learn how serious it is for children
not to submit to their parents. The punishment was very severe.
In those days children who refused to submit to their parents
were killed!

We are not living under the Old Testament law, but it was
written to teach us. It shows us what God thinks of rebellious
children.

DEUTERONOMY 21:18-21 NKJ
18 "If a man has a stubborn and rebellious son who will not
obey the voice of his father or the voice of his mother, and
who, when they have chastened him, will not heed them,
19 "then his father and his mother shall take hold of him and
bring him out to the elders of his city, to the gate of his
city.
20 "And they shall say to the elders of his city, `This son of
ours is stubborn and rebellious; he will not obey our voice; he
is a glutton and a drunkard.'
21 "Then all the men of his city shall stone him to death with
stones; so you shall put away the evil person from among you,
and all Israel shall hear and fear.

SAY THIS: It is God's will for children to obey their parents.