Does Jesus Care?

MARK 4:37-40 NKJ
37 And a great windstorm arose, and the waves beat into the
boat, so that it was already filling.
38 But He was in the stern, asleep on a pillow. And they awoke
Him and said to Him, "Teacher, do You not care that we are
perishing?"
39 Then He arose and rebuked the wind, and said to the sea,
"Peace, be still!" And the wind ceased and there was a great
calm.
40 But He said to them, "Why are you so fearful? How is it that
you have no faith?"

All of us have questioned whether God cares for us when we have
faced difficulties. It is easy to wonder why things are so
tough, if God truly loves us, as the Bible says.

What is the answer? Why don't things go better for us,
especially when we are trusting in God?

Mark 4 gives us a glimpse into how God looks at this.

When the disciples thought they were going to sink in the storm
-- even though Jesus was on their boat -- they cried out to
Him. And Jesus did deliver them from danger.

But then, Jesus rebuked His disciples because they were fearful,
and didn't handle the situation themselves.

Why didn't the Lord take care of the dire situation sooner? Why
did Jesus let them nearly sink before He intervened? The answer
is simple. Jesus was expecting His disciples to exercise
authority over the storm.

God has confidence in His children. He desires for us to grow
up, to learn to take responsibility, and to exercise the
authority He has given us.

LUKE 10:19 NKJ
19 "Behold, I give you the authority to trample on serpents and
scorpions, and over all the power of the enemy, and nothing
shall by any means hurt you.

God told us to resist the devil, and all his works -- which is
everything that would steal, kill, or destroy. Why should God
interrupt and do things for us that He has already told us to
do, using His authority?

JAMES 4:7 NKJ
7 Therefore submit to God. Resist the devil and he will flee
from you.

Yes, Jesus cares for you -- enough to die for you! Don't judge
His love by your circumstances.

If it seems Jesus is not stilling the storms in your life, He
has not abandoned you. He is just expecting you to overcome, by
using your faith and the authority He has given you.

SAY THIS: Jesus cares for me, and I will be delivered out of
all the storms of life!