Giving Money Is One Way To Show Honor

PROVERBS 3:9-10 NKJ
9 Honor the LORD with your possessions, And with the
firstfruits of all your increase;
10 So your barns will be filled with plenty, And your vats will
overflow with new wine.

Giving money is not the only way to show honor, but it is one
way.

The word translated honor means to value. Honoring someone is a
way of showing them, and others, that they are valuable to you.

Scripture connects giving of money with honor. Specifically
included are God, your parents, those who preach or teach the
Word of God, and widows.

MATTHEW 15:4-6 NLT
4 For instance, God says, `Honor your father and mother,' and
`Anyone who speaks evil of father or mother must be put to
death.'"
5 But you say, `You don't need to honor your parents by caring
for their needs if you give the money to God instead.'
6 And so, by your own tradition, you nullify the direct
commandment of God.

1 TIMOTHY 5:17-18 NKJ
17 Let the elders who rule well be counted worthy of double
honor, especially those who labor in the word and doctrine.
18 For the Scripture says, "You shall not muzzle an ox while it
treads out the grain," and, "The laborer is worthy of his
wages."

The double honor spoken of in verse 17 for those whose work is
bringing us insight from God's Word is clearly financial
support, as verse 18 explains. The NLT translation makes this
clear.

1 TIMOTHY 5:17-18 NLT
17 Elders who do their work well should be respected and paid
well, especially those who work hard at both preaching and
teaching.
18 For the Scripture says, "You must not muzzle an ox to keep
it from eating as it treads out the grain." And in another
place, "Those who work deserve their pay!"

1 TIMOTHY 5:3-4 NKJ
3 Honor widows who are really widows.
4 But if any widow has children or grandchildren, let them
first learn to show piety at home and to repay their parents;
for this is good and acceptable before God.

Again, to see that honor includes giving support, look at the
NLT translation.

1 TIMOTHY 5:3-4 NLT
3 Take care of any widow who has no one else to care for her.
4 But if she has children or grandchildren, their first
responsibility is to show godliness at home and repay their
parents by taking care of them. This is something that pleases
God.

ROMANS 13:7 NKJ
7 Render therefore to all their due: taxes to whom taxes are
due, customs to whom customs, fear to whom fear, honor to whom
honor.

SAY THIS: I will give honor to whom honor is due.