Do Not Fear Death

LUKE 12:4 NKJ
4 "And I say to you, My friends, do not be afraid of those who
kill the body, and after that have no more that they can do.

Since Jesus defeated death and removed its sting, believers
should no longer be motivated by fear of death.

1 CORINTHIANS 15:55,57 NLT
55 O death, where is your victory? O death, where is your
sting? "
57 But thank God! He gives us victory over sin and death
through our Lord Jesus Christ.

Death has been defeated by Jesus. Now the death of a Christian
believer is just a transition from this lower reality to a
higher, more perfect, and lasting reality. For anyone trusting
in Jesus, there is no reason to be afraid.

I believe that death is now like birth: just an entry into an
unknown but better place, a place of more freedom and
consciousness, where we will continue to learn and grow, as we
enjoy the goodness of God.

LUKE 20:38 NLT
38 So he is the God of the living, not the dead, for they are 
all alive to him."

Death is not the end. And death is only sleep for your body,
not sleep for the real you which lives inside your body. After
you die your body will sleep in death till the great
Resurrection, but you will be alive with God all the time.

2 CORINTHIANS 5:8 NLT
8 Yes, we are fully confident, and we would rather be away from 
these earthly bodies, for then we will be at home with the 
Lord.

PHILIPPIANS 1:21,23 NLT
21 For to me, living means living for Christ, and dying is even
better.
23 I'm torn between two desires: I long to go and be with
Christ, which would be far better for me.

Believers need to realize that passing through death means we
will be far better off. Why be afraid of that?

JOHN 14:1-3 NKJ
1 "Let not your heart be troubled; you believe in God, believe
also in Me.
2 "In My Father's house are many mansions; if it were not so, I
would have told you. I go to prepare a place for you.
3 "And if I go and prepare a place for you, I will come again
and receive you to Myself; that where I am, there you may be
also.

When you leave this life, Jesus has a place prepared for you --
better than what you have experienced here. He told you to not
be afraid! You can trust Jesus.

HEBREWS 2:14-15 CJB
14 Therefore, since the children share a common physical nature
as human beings, he became like them and shared that same human
nature; so that by his death he might render ineffective the
one who had power over death (that is, the Adversary)
15 and thus set free those who had been in bondage all their
lives because of their fear of death.

Through the fear of death, the devil has been able to hold us 
in slavery, by getting us to do whatever it took to avoid 
dying. Believers are supposed to overcome this fear because of 
the victory of Jesus. We should live our lives fearless -- 
knowing that God is watching out for us and will always be with 
us and take care of us -- even in death.

So we should never let the enemy stop us from doing God's will
because of fear that we might die.

Every one of us needs to finish our race and fulfill God's plan
for us on earth before we die. But when it comes time to die,
we should not fear.

SAY THIS: I will not fear death. I will trust in Jesus my Lord.