Ask!

MATTHEW 7:7-8 NIV
7 "Ask and it will be given to you; seek and you will find;
knock and the door will be opened to you.
8 For everyone who asks receives; he who seeks finds; and to
him who knocks, the door will be opened.

In Matthew 15:22-28 a woman came to Jesus making a request of
Him. Jesus' answer was basically that she was asking for
something that did not belong to her, because she did not have
a covenant with God.

Yet she asked -- and received! She didn't just beg. She
worshiped Jesus and appealed for mercy. She didn't claim she
deserved the answer -- but she did ask.

This is one of the secrets of life. Ask! It works with God and
it works in our relationships with people, too.

Ask questions. And ask for help.

Pride can prevent us from asking. Pride tells. Humility asks.

In marriage many people are unhappy. Yet they don't clearly
communicate to their spouse what it is they would like. Don't
nag! But respectfully and lovingly ask for what you desire.

Make your requests known. People can't read your mind. (God
knows our thoughts, but still tells us to ask Him for what we
need or desire.)

PHILIPPIANS 4:6 NKJ
6 Be anxious for nothing, but in everything by prayer and
supplication, with thanksgiving, let your requests be made
known to God;

Many people stumble through life disappointed that God has not
given them more. One reason may be because God is waiting for
them to have enough faith to ask Him for His help.

I don't mean we should act like a beggar. But be bold in asking
for what you need or desire.

We may hold back from asking because we think we don't deserve
good things. Probably true! But Jesus deserves good and He died
so we could receive what He deserves. Jesus took what we
deserved so we could have better.

MATTHEW 21:22 NIV
22 If you believe, you will receive whatever you ask for in
prayer."

JOHN 16:24 NIV
24 Until now you have not asked for anything in my name. Ask
and you will receive, and your joy will be complete.

JAMES 4:2 NLT
2 You want what you don't have, so you scheme and kill to get
it. You are jealous of what others have, but you can't get it,
so you fight and wage war to take it away from them. Yet you
don't have what you want because you don't ask God for it.

Jesus said to ask. Actually, it is a command. Ask!

SAY THIS: I will obey God's Word and ask.