You Are Qualified

COLOSSIANS 1:12 NIV
12 giving thanks to the Father, who has qualified you to share
in the inheritance of the saints in the kingdom of light.

You are qualified to receive any and every blessing from God,
not because of what you have done -- but based on what Jesus
did for you.

You don't become qualified with God based on your performance,
but you were MADE qualified by God when you received Jesus.

Being righteous -- or in right standing with God -- is all the
qualification you need. And righteousness is a free gift that
you receive when you receive Jesus Christ. In fact, Jesus is
your righteousness.

1 CORINTHIANS 1:30 NIV
30 It is because of him that you are in Christ Jesus, who has
become for us wisdom from God -- that is, our righteousness,
holiness and redemption.

2 CORINTHIANS 5:21 NIV
21 God made him who had no sin to be sin for us, so that in him
we might become the righteousness of God.

Righteousness is not something you have earned or done, but a
gift given by God (Romans 5:17).

Because of God's grace, you can partake of the inheritance of
the saints of God. You have a right -- given to you by God --
to share in all that God has.

You were qualified to receive every blessing of God by being
made right with God. You don't have to do anything else so you
can qualify. It's a gift! You just have to believe it!

You are qualified to be completely forgiven.

You are qualified to be filled with God's Holy Spirit.

You are qualified to receive healing.

You are qualified to get prayers answered.

You are qualified to prosper.

You are qualified to live with God in Heaven.

"But preacher, you don't know me. You don't know what I have
done."

Good news! It doesn't matter!

Jesus paid the price to qualify you. Right now -- because of
Jesus' blood -- you qualify for all of God's blessings.

So don't believe the lie that you are not good enough. The
blood of Jesus is what makes you good enough. Nothing else ever
can!

"But preacher, I just don't believe that. It doesn't seem
to work for me."

Well, you are right that if you don't believe it, it won't
happen for you. All the blessings of God are only appropriated
by faith. That means you must believe what God says before you
will see the promised blessings happen in your life.

ROMANS 5:2 NIV
2 through whom we have gained access by faith into this grace
in which we now stand. And we rejoice in the hope of the glory
of God.

God has provided everything for us by His grace -- purely
undeserved by us -- as a free gift. However, we only have
access to it by faith.

SAY THIS: I am qualified for all God's blessings. God made me
qualified!