Speak To Your Mountain

MARK 11:23 NKJ
23 "For assuredly, I say to you, whoever says to this mountain,
`Be removed and be cast into the sea,' and does not doubt in
his heart, but believes that those things he says will come to
pass, he will have whatever he says.

"Talk to mountains? Do you think I'm crazy?"

Jesus talked to things, and taught that "whoever" could also
speak to mountains.

A mountain is primarily any obstacle that stands in your way.

Faced with obstacles, most Christians pray to God. But Jesus
told us to speak directly to the obstacle and tell it to be
removed.

There is nothing wrong with discussing things with God. You
should. But when something is blocking your progress -- Jesus
said YOU should tell it to get out of the way.

Most Christians just speak to God about the mountain, instead
of following Jesus' directions and speaking directly to the
mountain.

Are you just talking to God about the problems in your life,
instead of talking directly to the problems and telling them to
be removed?

MATTHEW 17:20 NKJ
20 So Jesus said to them, "Because of your unbelief; for
assuredly, I say to you, if you have faith as a mustard seed,
you will say to this mountain, `Move from here to there,' and
it will move; and nothing will be impossible for you.

According to Jesus, unbelief keeps us from speaking to our
mountains.

What is the mountain in your life? What stands in the way of
your progress? What holds you back from going forward and
fulfilling God's plan?

Speak God's Word to that mountain!

Speak to the devil and his forces and tell them to get out of
your affairs.

Speak to sickness and tell it that it can't stay in your body.

Speak to debt and financial lack and tell them to be removed
from your life.

Speak to doubt, fear, and worry and tell them to be gone.

If you say, "I just can't believe it would do any good for me
to talk to problems," that's why you still have them.

Read what Jesus said again, and again.

SAY THIS: I will speak to the mountains that try to hold me
back.