Heaven Is A Happy Place

PSALM 16:11 NKJ
11 You will show me the path of life; In Your presence is
fullness of joy; At Your right hand are pleasures forevermore.

Heaven is where God is fully manifest and in His presence there
is fullness of joy. That's why Heaven is a happy place!

FULLNESS OF JOY! We have never yet experienced that, but in
Heaven we will.

REVELATION 21:4 NKJ
4 "And God will wipe away every tear from their eyes; there
shall be no more death, nor sorrow, nor crying. There shall be
no more pain, for the former things have passed away."

In Heaven there will be nothing that will ever cause
unhappiness. Everything will always be perfect.

LUKE 15:10 NKJ
10 "Likewise, I say to you, there is joy in the presence of the
angels of God over one sinner who repents."

Angels are smiling, not frowning. God is not mad. No one in
Heaven is having a bad day. No one is struggling.

ROMANS 14:17 NKJ
17 for the kingdom of God is not eating and drinking, but
righteousness and peace and joy in the Holy Spirit.

Where God rules everything is right and there is peace and joy!
God Himself is the Source of joy and is Himself full of joy.

ZEPHANIAH 3:17 NKJ
17 The LORD your God in your midst, The Mighty One, will save;
He will rejoice over you with gladness, He will quiet you with
His love, He will rejoice over you with singing."

God is not worried or afraid. He rejoices in His work, His
creation. He has confidence in His plan and His ability to
carry it out. In His presence is fullness of joy because He is
full of joy and everything He does produces joy.

PSALM 2:4 NKJ
4 He who sits in the heavens shall laugh; The LORD shall hold
them in derision.

Bad things may be happening here on earth. But it is not
worrying Heaven or causing discouragement there. Because a
glorious future has been determined and nothing will stop God's
plan.

Jesus of Nazareth came from Heaven and perfectly revealed God
to us in human flesh. He was not a somber man everyone was
afraid to be around. No! Jesus attracted people like children
and sinners. He was known as a friend of sinners. Jesus was no
killjoy. As a perfect man with complete faith in God, it is
very likely that Jesus laughed a lot, rejoicing in God and His
creation.

Even though we still face things on earth that are not perfect,
because Heaven is our true home we should be happy, too!

SAY THIS: Heaven, my eternal home, is a happy place!