Does Love Always Give?

Love gives! Without giving there is no proof of love.

However, love does not always give what is being requested. For
love seeks the best for the other person. If what is being
requested is not the best, then love will not grant that
request.

LUKE 6:30 NASB
30 "Give to everyone who asks of you, and whoever takes away
what is yours, do not demand it back.

This verse tells us to give to everyone who asks something of
us, but it does not say that we have to give them exactly what
they request. We are only instructed to give them something.
This is not a cop-out, but a necessary understanding of truth.

Otherwise, our actions could be compelled by the demands of
people instead of being directed by our Lord Jesus. Luke 6:30
shows the attitude we should have, of always being a giver, but
it should not be made into a law that could bind us and open us
up to exploitation by the devil.

ACTS 3:6 NASB
6 But Peter said, "I do not possess silver and gold, but what I
do have I give to you: In the name of Jesus Christ the
Nazarene -- walk!"

Love always gives, but it does not always give what is
requested. Love always gives something.

Love gives of itself. Love may give time, prayer, attention,
forgiveness, or advice.

If a child sitting at a table loaded with nutritious food
refuses to eat what has been prepared, but instead requests
candy to eat, is it truly love to grant the child's request?

On the other hand, a child asking to please pass the vegetables
is a very different kind of request. One to which a loving
parent would always respond.

To spoil a child by letting them have, and do, everything they
think they want is not love, but the opposite of love.

Just because someone asks for something does not mean you must
give it to them. If it is not good for them, it should not be
given to them.

Can it be love to withhold something needed from someone? Yes,
if other ways of getting their attention have failed, and they
are on a course headed for harm.

If withholding a request has the potential of awakening them,
so they can avert and avoid the danger ahead of them, then
withholding can be an act of love.

If the only way love has of getting the attention of someone
going the wrong way is to withhold help that would only send
them further down the wrong road, then love will withhold help
that seems to be needed.

This is not to suggest that we should only give to perfect
people, for there are none. Only that we can always give, but
are not required by Scripture to give everything that anyone
may happen to request of us.

SAY THIS: I am a giver who is directed by God in my giving.