Repentance

ACTS 17:30 NKJ
30 "Truly, these times of ignorance God overlooked, but now
commands all men everywhere to repent,

To repent means to change. Repentance is a change of thinking
which results in a change of life.

Repentance involves a change of mind -- waking up to reality,
seeing things as they really are, and recognizing the error of
your ways -- resulting in a change of action.

Repentance includes forsaking old patterns, habits, priorities,
and all things that have controlled you (gods). Repentance
means accepting Jesus as Lord!

To repent is to forsake all other gods -- and embrace Jesus
Christ as your Lord and God.

The word translated "repent" in English New Testaments is the
Greek word metanoeo. It means to change one's mind, or to
convert. Not merely to forsake sin, but to change one's mind
regarding it. Metanoeo means to reform, to have a genuine
change of heart and life from worse to better.

The noun form of the Greek word we translate as "repentance" is
metanoya. It is a change of mind that involves both a turning
from sin and a turning to God.

The parable of the prodigal son is an outstanding illustration
of repentance. (Luke 15:10-21)

2 CORINTHIANS 7:10 NKJ
10 For godly sorrow produces repentance to salvation, not to be
regretted; but the sorrow of the world produces death.

Many mistake sorrow for repentance. As this verse shows, godly
sorrow leads to repentance, but they are not the same thing.

There is another Greek word, metamelomai, which means to have
remorse or regret. It is pain of mind, rather than change of
mind. "You're sorry you got caught".

Metanoya implies that one has later arrived at a different view
of something, metamelomai that one has a different feeling
about it. In remorse (metamelomai) a man sees the bitter end of
sin, in repentance (metanoya) he breaks free from it.

So, repentance has to do mostly with your thinking and
therefore your actions -- not your feelings.

Repentance is associated with renewing the mind (Romans 12:2).
When you know the truth -- truth makes you free as you act on
it (John 8:32).

SAY THIS: Jesus, I call on You to be my Lord. Please help me to 
repent in every area of life and walk in agreement with you.