Make Room For Jesus

LUKE 2:7 KJV
7 And she brought forth her firstborn son, and wrapped him in
swaddling clothes, and laid him in a manger; because there was
no room for them in the inn.

You probably think it was terrible that there was "no room in
the inn" and the baby Jesus had to be born in a stable and lay
in a manger.

If the people then truly understood who Jesus was, no doubt
they would have gladly opened their homes and provided much
better for Him. But do we not often make the same mistake?

The situation for Jesus today must be even more sad. Most of us
still do not make room for Jesus in our lives.

For some the reason is busyness, just being so caught up in
making a living and trying to take care of things that they
feel they just don't have time. (The truth is that with Jesus'
help, life will be better and easier.)

For others, it is fear: fear of what Jesus might think, or say,
or do, if He were invited, or even allowed access, into their
lives. (This fear is baseless because Jesus does not wreck
things but improves them. They need to know Jesus truly loves
them and desires the best for them, which He does.)

For some the reason is just lack of knowledge: they don't know
about Jesus and His love. (For these people, you are the
answer. You can share the wonderful story of God's love for
mankind.)

REVELATION 3:20 LB
20 "Look! I have been standing at the door, and I am constantly
knocking. If anyone hears me calling him and opens the door, I
will come in and fellowship with him and he with me.

Jesus is persistent and still reaches out in love, expecting
that someday people will see Him as He truly is, overcome their
busyness and fear and ignorance, and enthusiastically invite
Him into the center of their lives.

Jesus does not enjoy being ignored, or being put in an inferior
place. Surely Jesus would like for us to accept and appreciate
Him for what He truly is: the Central One, Creator and
Sustainer of all, who knows more and can do more than we can
even imagine.

You may acknowledge Jesus and claim He is your Lord and Savior,
but do you neglect Him, or give Him a central place?

Do you talk to Him about everything? Do you thank Him for
everything good? You should.

Jesus does not want you to feel guilty about neglecting Him. He
loves you and just wants you to return His love. Jesus desires
a central place in your life so He can bless you more.

Don't ignore Jesus.

SAY THIS: I will always make room for Jesus in my life.