Your Faith Will Be Tested

1 PETER 4:12 ESV
12 Beloved, do not be surprised at the fiery trial when it
comes upon you to test you, as though something strange were
happening to you.

Don't be surprised when your faith is tested! And don't be
afraid! Jesus -- who promised to never forsake you -- is still
there to help you.

The test of faith is the devil trying to steal your faith. The
devil wants you to believe something other than God's Word.

MARK 4:15 ESV
15 And these are the ones along the path, where the word is
sown: when they hear, Satan immediately comes and takes away
the word that is sown in them.

The devil wants to steal God's Word out of your life, to stop
your faith. So you have to hang on to your faith! You have to
say "NO!" to the devil!

Our enemy could never steal faith in God's Word away from us 
unless at some point it seems like God's Word is wrong. Or that 
God has forgotten us and forsaken us. This will happen to you 
sometime! When it does, trust God and His faithfulness more 
than you trust your present circumstances.

HEBREWS 10:23 ESV
23 Let us hold fast the confession of our hope without
wavering, for he who promised is faithful.

HEBREWS 4:14 NLT
14 So then, since we have a great High Priest who has entered
heaven, Jesus the Son of God, let us hold firmly to what we
believe.

No matter what it seems like -- Jesus is faithful. He cannot
lie! Our problem is our limited perspective. We don't know the
future, but God does.

1 PETER 1:7 ESV
7 so that the tested genuineness of your faith -- more precious
than gold that perishes though it is tested by fire -- may be
found to result in praise and glory and honor at the revelation
of Jesus Christ.

Genuine faith is very precious to the Lord. When you overcome
tests you grow spiritually, which causes joy in Heaven, and
should encourage you to rejoice, too.

JAMES 1:2-4 ESV
2 Count it all joy, my brothers, when you meet trials of
various kinds,
3 for you know that the testing of your faith produces
steadfastness.
4 And let steadfastness have its full effect, that you may be
perfect and complete, lacking in nothing.

LUKE 22:32 ESV
32 but I have prayed for you that your faith may not fail. And
when you have turned again, strengthen your brothers."

SAY THIS: When my faith is tested, the Lord will help me pass
the test.