Whatever You Allow

MATTHEW 18:18 CEV
18 I promise you that God in heaven will allow whatever you
allow on earth, but he will not allow anything you don't allow.

Many think whatever happens is God's will. But the Bible
reveals God's will and lets us know we have a part to play in
cooperating with God to see His will come to pass in our lives.

According to Jesus, God's will is that things be on earth as 
they are in Heaven (Matthew 6:10).

God gave us a free will. We must choose God's will, for God
does not force it on us.

Sickness is not of God. There is no sickness in Heaven.  Acts
10:38 reveals that sickness is an oppression of the devil. So
we should resist sickness.

Poverty is not of God. There is no lack in Heaven.

Selfishness, strife, unforgiveness, and hatred are not of God.
None of those are in Heaven. These are all things we should not
allow in our lives.

The devil cannot do anything in your life unless you allow it.
Scripture says that if you will resist the devil he will flee
from you.

JAMES 4:7 NKJ
7 ...submit to God. Resist the devil and he will flee from you.

1 PETER 5:8-9 NKJ
8 Be sober, be vigilant; because your adversary the devil walks
about like a roaring lion, seeking whom he may devour.
9 Resist him, steadfast in the faith,....

Too many people resist only for a short time then quit
resisting. If something is not God's will then we should
maintain the attitude that it is not acceptable. If something
bad is in your life it is only because you allow it to remain.
You can decide to refuse and resist.

Whatever you will put up with is what you will have. But if you
decide something is unacceptable then it can change.

"But I tried to resist and it would not leave."

Resisting does not mean trying for awhile. Resisting evil
should never stop. Resist to death. Never quit. Never give up.
Never give in. Fight the good fight of faith until victory is
manifest.

EPHESIANS 4:27 NKJ
27 nor give place to the devil.

SAY THIS: I refuse to allow any of the works of the devil in my
life.