You Can Have Children

As a believer in Jesus Christ there are Bible promises about
having children you can claim. If you desire to have children,
you can, according to the promises of God.

2 CORINTHIANS 1:20 NKJ
20 For all the promises of God in Him are Yes, and in Him Amen,
to the glory of God through us.

All the promises and blessings of God are yours because of your
faith in Christ Jesus.

DEUTERONOMY 7:14 NKJ
14 "You shall be blessed above all peoples; there shall not be
a male or female barren among you or among your livestock.

EXODUS 23:25-26 NKJ
25 . . . I will take sickness away from . . . you.
26 "No one shall suffer miscarriage or be barren in your land;
I will fulfill the number of your days.

PSALM 113:9 NRSV
9 He gives the barren woman a home, making her the joyous
mother of children. Praise the Lord!

The Bible mentions many women who were unable to have children
before they received a miracle from God.

Sarah became the mother of Isaac.
Rebekah became the mother of Esau and Jacob.
Rachel became the mother of Joseph and Benjamin.
Hannah became the mother of two daughters and three sons,
including Samuel.
Elizabeth became the mother of John the Baptist.

Multitudes of women living today have also experienced the
miracle of having a child after having been barren. God is
still working in the lives of people. And He will work in your
life too!

ACTS 10:34 NKJ
34 Then Peter opened his mouth and said: "In truth I perceive
that God shows no partiality.

God does not play favorites. What He did for them, He will do
for you, if you will believe it. If you seek God as they sought
God, He will answer your prayer also.

But when you read the Bible stories of barren women having
children, you notice that often their children were born after
many years of waiting. So don't make the mistake of thinking
that just because you have not received a quick answer to your
prayer that God is saying no.

The will of God does not always come to pass quickly. Sometimes
we have to stand in faith for an extended period -- much longer
than we would choose.

These verses should give you hope. They should help you realize
that having children, if you want them, is God's will. It is
possible. It may not be easy, but it is possible.

The Bible says all things are possible!

LUKE 1:37 NKJ
37 "For with God nothing will be impossible."

MARK 9:23 NKJ
23 Jesus said to him, "If you can believe, all things are
possible to him who believes."

MATTHEW 17:20 NKJ
20 . . . if you have faith as a mustard seed, you will say to
this mountain, 'Move from here to there,' and it will move; and
nothing will be impossible for you.

MARK 11:24 NKJ
24 "Therefore I say to you, whatever things you ask when you
pray, believe that you receive them, and you will have them.

Even if medical experts tell you it is impossible, remember
that Jesus said all things are possible with God.

Miracles still happen. I have heard of a man who sees perfectly
without an eyeball, and another man who talks and sings without
vocal cords.

Some dear women have already had operations at a young age that
medically render them unable to ever have children. But some
women who have undergone these complete hysterectomies have
later produced natural children. Yes, miracles still happen!

Not everyone will believe this is possible. But all things are
possible with God -- if we will believe.

All of us can have "spiritual children" -- those we help to
know the Lord and learn His ways. Producing and raising
"spiritual children" can be just as important and fulfilling as
having natural children.

ISAIAH 54:1 NKJ
1 "Sing, O barren, You who have not borne! Break forth into
singing, and cry aloud, You who have not labored with child!
For more are the children of the desolate Than the children of
the married woman," says the LORD.

Adoption can also be wonderful, both for the children and the
parents who adopt them. If it is your desire, God will help you
to adopt children if you will look to Him. He can make
difficult things seem easy if you trust Him.

SAY THIS: Thank you Lord for giving children to those who
desire them.