We Walk By Faith

2 CORINTHIANS 5:7 NKJ
7  For we walk by faith, not by sight.

God's plan for us as His children here on earth is that our
walk with Him be a walk of faith.

Faith has to do with things that are not seen, or perceived
with our physical senses.

HEBREWS 11:1 NKJ
1 Now faith is the substance of things hoped for, the evidence
of things not seen.

God's Word is our evidence for our faith. We know God cannot
lie. Whatever God says -- if it is not already evident to our
physical senses -- will eventually come to pass. For whatever
God says comes to pass. According to the Bible, God only had to
speak and the universe was created.

You will never grow strong spiritually until you learn to put
what God says in His Word ahead of what your circumstances and
physical senses tell you.

God does not ask you to deny what your physical senses tell
you, but to believe His Word above all other evidence. God
simply wants you to believe that He tells the truth.

In this regard, the Bible tells us Abraham was an example of
faith.

ROMANS 4:19-21 NKJ
19 And not being weak in faith, he did not consider his own
body, already dead (since he was about a hundred years old),
and the deadness of Sarah's womb.
20 He did not waver at the promise of God through unbelief, but
was strengthened in faith, giving glory to God,
21 and being fully convinced that what He had promised He was
also able to perform.

God told Abraham he would be a father of many nations, yet
Abraham had no children and his wife was too old to have
children.  Abraham still believed God's promise, and it came to
pass.  Faith is no different for us today. God is speaking to
us through His Word, the Bible, and when we believe what God
said, impossible things become possible.

As we keep our focus on God and His Word, we can be fully
convinced, like Abraham, that God is able to do all He has
said. For faith comes by hearing the Word (Romans 10:17).

Unbelief is the opposite of faith and Scripture calls it evil
(Hebrews 3:12). The only cure for unbelief is correct teaching
of the truth from God's Word (Mark 6:6).

COLOSSIANS 2:6 NKJ
6  As you have therefore received Christ Jesus the Lord, so
walk in Him,

We receive Jesus Christ by faith, and we must continue to walk
our whole Christian life here on earth by faith. That means we
can't base everything on our physical sense knowledge, instead
of what God has said.

SAY THIS: I will walk with God by faith here on earth.