Jesus Is Coming Back

ACTS 1:11 NKJ
11 ...This same Jesus, who was taken up from you into heaven,
will so come in like manner as you saw Him go into heaven."

Jesus of Nazareth, born into this earth by the virgin Mary, who
was the pre-existent, eternal, Creator God, and who suffered
and died on a cross as mankind's substitute, is coming back to
earth again.

You probably have questions, such as "When?" and "Why?"

Fortunately, the Bible does give us answers, just not as many
as most of us would like. (This attitude is really a matter of
pride, thinking we know better than God how much information He
should share with us.)

Godly people, throughout history, have not all reached the same 
conclusion by studying Scripture, about the specific timing and 
events surrounding the second coming of Jesus Christ.

What is crystal clear from Scripture is that Jesus Christ will
return to earth in triumph to rule over all. And that all
people should live in a state of readiness for His return.

(Since all the details are not clear, let us not fall into the
trap of fighting over this doctrine. The Bible does not say
that a perfect understanding of this subject is necessary for
you to be saved.)

My personal opinion is that the coming of Jesus Christ is
drawing very near. (Of course, I have been wrong about other
things.) One thing is sure: it will happen some day!

For a believer, the return of Jesus Christ to earth is the most
wonderful thing that could happen. Any fearfulness is a sign
that you do not know the Lord as intimately as you should.

As believers, we should look forward to the triumphant,
physical return to this planet of its rightful owner and ruler:
Jesus Christ our Lord.

Here are a few things Jesus said about His return.

MATTHEW 24:3,4,14,27,36,44 NKJ
3 Now as He sat on the Mount of Olives, the disciples came to
Him privately, saying, "Tell us, when will these things be? And
what will be the sign of Your coming, and of the end of the
age?"
4 And Jesus answered and said to them: "Take heed that no one
deceives you.
14 "And this gospel of the kingdom will be preached in all the
world as a witness to all the nations, and then the end will
come.
27 "For as the lightning comes from the east and flashes to the
west, so also will the coming of the Son of Man be.
36 "But of that day and hour no one knows, no, not even the
angels of heaven, but My Father only.
44 "Therefore you also be ready, for the Son of Man is coming
at an hour when you do not expect Him.

Jesus will return!

Be ready!

SAY THIS: Come Lord Jesus. Come back and straighten everything
out.