Respect The Elderly

LEVITICUS 19:32 NLT
32 "Stand up in the presence of the elderly, and show respect
for the aged. Fear your God. I am the LORD.

When I was young a popular idea was that you should not trust
anyone over the age of 30.

Now that I have lived many years I see how that idea was from
the devil -- who would like to steal good things from people by
cutting them off from the wisdom of those with much experience.

1 TIMOTHY 5:1a NLT
1 Never speak harshly to an older man, but appeal to him
respectfully as you would to your own father.

Why should we respect the elderly? First, because they are
people made in the image of God and we should respect everyone
-- regardless of age.

Second, because by living you learn. If you pay attention, the
longer you live, the more you can learn.

JOB 32:7 NLT
7 I thought, 'Those who are older should speak, for wisdom
comes with age.'

It's not always true that an older person has learned what they
should. But to ignore their experience and wisdom gained from
many years is not wise.

1 PETER 5:5 NKJ
5 Likewise you younger people, submit yourselves to your
elders. Yes, all of you be submissive to one another, and be
clothed with humility, for "God resists the proud, But gives
grace to the humble."

Young people are not the only ones devastated by pride, but
they are particularly susceptible to it. Aging has a way of
curing pride in most of us as we experience the struggles of
life.

We need both the energy and exuberance of youth and the wisdom
and experience of the aged. Too often the elderly develop an
attitude of giving up on overcoming certain problems because of
past unsuccessful attempts, while the young tend to think
anything is possible. Youth often have zeal without knowledge,
while older people often have knowledge but lack zeal. So we
need input from both young and old.

It should be stated clearly: young people, you need the wisdom
and experience of old people. And older people, you also need
the strength, energy, and enthusiasm of young people. To be at
our best, we need each other.

Whatever you face, someone older than you has already faced it.
You can learn from both their mistakes and their successes.

SAY THIS: I will respect the elderly.