Rahab

HEBREWS 11:31 NKJ
31 By faith the harlot Rahab did not perish . . .

Rahab was not a descendant of Israel. She was a harlot from the
city of Jericho, which God commanded Israel to utterly destroy.
But because of her faith, all that was hers was spared. She
also became an ancestor of Jesus of Nazareth, being the great-
great-grandmother of King David (Matthew 1:5-6).

No matter who you are, or what you have done, there is hope for
you. Through faith in God, and His provision, your life can be
changed.

Rahab asked that all her family and all their possessions be
protected. This action evidently pleased God because Hebrews 11
commends her faith, and tells us that without faith it is
impossible to please God (Hebrews 11:6,31).

JOSHUA 2:12-13 NKJ
12 "Now therefore, I beg you, swear to me by the Lord, since I
have shown you kindness, that you also will show kindness to my
father's house, and give me a true token,
13 "and spare my father, my mother, my brothers, my sisters,
and all that they have, and deliver our lives from death."

Note that Rahab asked for a token, a sign. They told her to
place a blood-colored cord in her window -- representing her
faith in God's provision of blood under the Old Covenant.

JOSHUA 2:18,21 NKJ
18 ". . . bind this line of scarlet cord in the window through
which you let us down . . . .
21 Then she said, "According to your words, so be it." And she
sent them away, and they departed. And she bound the scarlet
cord in the window.

JOSHUA 6:23,25 NKJ
23 And the young men who had been spies went in and brought out
Rahab, her father, her mother, her brothers, and all that she
had. So they brought out all her relatives and left them
outside the camp of Israel.
25 And Joshua spared Rahab the harlot, her father's household,
and all that she had . . . .

We should stand in faith just as Rahab did and ask for the
lives of all our family members, and for all our possessions.

Then we must "display the scarlet cord" in our windows -- the
Blood of our Savior Jesus Christ. When the devil comes to
steal, kill, or destroy us, or anything that belongs to us, we
must make sure he sees the Blood of Jesus.

If a harlot, who had no covenant with God, by her faith
received God's protection for all her family and possessions,
surely as believers in the New Covenant established by Jesus'
Blood, our faith can do at least as much.

SAY THIS: By faith, I place the blood of Jesus over all my
family and all our property.