Do Business For God

LUKE 19:13,15 ESV
13 Calling ten of his servants, he gave them ten minas, and
said to them, 'Engage in business until I come.'
15 When he returned, having received the kingdom, he ordered
these servants to whom he had given the money to be called to
him, that he might know what they had gained by doing business.

Your working life is supposed to be for more than just meeting
your needs. Your work is an avenue God can use to bless people
in many ways. You should use all that you have been given: your
influence, your contacts, your profits, to bless people and
turn them toward God.

Many people won't listen to a pastor or TV preacher, but they
will listen to someone they know and contact in daily life.

You don't have to be a pastor or a priest to walk with God and 
be used by Him. Think of Abraham, David, Moses, and Daniel. Not 
one of them was a preacher or a priest. Instead, they were all 
involved in agriculture or government, what we consider as 
secular jobs. Yet they are among the most famous and admired of 
Bible characters.

Also we should keep in mind that Jesus of Nazareth spent most
of His years on earth as a carpenter -- a businessman -- not a
preacher.

COLOSSIANS 3:23 NLT
23 Work willingly at whatever you do, as though you were
working for the Lord rather than for people.

You can see God move just as much in the work place as at a
church meeting. God is interested in blessing people right
where they are.

Where you work and spend your time is your "world." God does
not expect or ask most people to win some other country for
Him. God expects you to be a witness right where you are. Be a
witness of God's blessing and goodness and love. You don't have
to force your beliefs on people, but let your associates and
customers and suppliers and co-workers see God's blessing in
your life, and as you have opportunity let them know it is
because of God's grace and goodness -- which is also available
for them.

SAY THIS: I will bloom where I am planted and faithfully use
what God has given me for His glory and the growth of His
kingdom.