We Are The Jury

1 CORINTHIANS 6:3 NKJ
3 Do you not know that we shall judge angels? How much more,
things that pertain to this life?

This is a curious verse. It just says, "we shall judge angels" 
without giving any explanation. It does not say why we will 
judge angels, or which angels we will judge. (Nor do I find 
those answers elsewhere in the Bible.)

So this message includes some speculation on my part. I share 
it because it makes sense and helps to answer some difficult 
questions, such as why so much evil has been allowed on earth. 
But, of course, I could be wrong.

The word translated as angels in the New Testament means a 
messenger, or someone who is sent by another. This word is used 
186 times in the KJV and is translated "angel" 179 times and 
"messenger" 7 times.

There are good "angels" and bad "angels." Here are two verses
that show clearly that the Bible speaks of bad angels. (I think
these are the angels that rebelled against God with Lucifer.)

REVELATION 12:7 NKJ
7 And war broke out in heaven: Michael and his angels fought
with the dragon; and the dragon and his angels fought,

2 CORINTHIANS 12:7 NKJ
7 And lest I should be exalted above measure by the abundance
of the revelations, a thorn in the flesh was given to me, a
messenger of Satan to buffet me, lest I be exalted above
measure.

While I suppose it could be possible that we would judge the
good angels, and give out awards for all they did on our
behalf, that does not really make sense to me. It seems more
reasonable to guess that the devil and the rebellious angels
would be allowed a "jury trial" and that we are the jury.

By imagining this scenario, it makes several things more 
understandable to me. One is why God allowed the devil access 
to Adam and Eve to tempt them. If mankind is the jury, then 
Lucifer (who we know as the devil now) would have to be allowed 
to present his case and have equal access to the jury.

Another is why God has allowed so much pain and misery to go on 
for so long in this world. If we are the jury, then God would 
be unjust to "tamper with the jury." In the interest of 
fairness and justice for the evil angels on trial, God cannot 
just jump in and change things. We as mankind have been given 
freedom to make choices and to follow whoever we choose.

Eventually, the folly of following anyone except the Lord Jesus 
Christ will become plain to mankind and the rebelling angels 
will be judged. Then God will wipe away all tears and remove 
all the pain that was ever caused and make all things right. 
Because God will do that in the future, and everything will 
turn out right, then God will never be able to be accused of 
wrong-doing.

So, I predict in advance what the jury -- that is, humanity --
will decide.

1. God is NOT guilty!
2. The devil and his angels ARE guilty.

SAY THIS: The Bible says I will judge angels.