Christ Is Our Passover

God gave instructions to the Israelites so they could escape
the judgment coming on the Egyptians.

EXODUS 12:7,13 NKJ
7 `And they shall take some of the blood and put it on the two
doorposts and on the lintel of the houses where they eat it.
13 `Now the blood shall be a sign for you on the houses where
you are. And when I see the blood, I will pass over you; and
the plague shall not be on you to destroy you when I strike the
land of Egypt.

The Egyptians had no protection from the destroyer, but the
people of Israel who put the blood of a lamb on their dwellings
were safe.

The blood represented the Blood of the Lamb slain from the
foundation of the world -- Jesus Christ (Rev. 13:8). Judgment
was legally avoided because of it.

The blood applied stopped the destroyer. Action was required --
not just passive belief in the blood.

PSALM 105:37 NKJ
37 He also brought them out with silver and gold, and there was
none feeble among His tribes.

Not only were the children of Israel spared from destruction,
but they all left Egypt in good health carrying away the wealth
of Egypt.

Christ is our Passover. Can we not expect Him to provide us as
much protection and deliverance as the lamb provided the
children of Israel in Egypt?

1 CORINTHIANS 5:7 NKJ
7 . . . For indeed Christ, our Passover, was sacrificed for us.

HEBREWS 8:6 NKJ
6 . . . He is also Mediator of a better covenant, which was
established on better promises.

LUKE 22:20 NKJ
20 Likewise He also took the cup after supper, saying, "This
cup is the new covenant in My blood, which is shed for you.

New Covenant believers have the right to draw a faith Blood
line the devil cannot cross. By speaking words of faith we
apply the Blood over the "doorposts" of our lives -- the outer
edges of all that belongs to us.

With blood on the door of the Israelites in Egypt, no evil
dared enter their dwelling. Likewise, we are kept safe through
the protection of the divine Blood of Jesus.

Wherever we have authority we should apply the Blood -- and
never leave the protection the Blood of Jesus provides.

SAY THIS: Jesus Christ is my Passover who protects and delivers
me and my family.