Look At The Flowers

LUKE 12:27 LB
27 "Look at the lilies! They don't toil and spin, and yet
Solomon in all his glory was not robed as well as they are.

Many people would have you believe that God only supplies what
we need -- nothing more.

But they haven't considered the flowers!

If you want to know God better, obey Jesus and look at the 
flowers. They were God's idea.

Why did God make so many flowers? All the many different 
flowers are not necessary. Although flowers have some purposes, 
one kind of flower in one single color could have been made to 
meet all the needs.

The fact is: so many different flowers are not needed. They are 
"extra," something far, far beyond merely what was needed.

We could live without all the different flowers, but life is so 
much more beautiful with them.

Dear friend, God is not intent on you barely scraping by. He
told you to ask and receive -- that your joy may be full (see
John 16:24). God desires your joy to be full.

But don't make the mistake that so many do. Abundance of
"things" will never satisfy you apart from God. But what a joy
it is when you have close fellowship with the Creator, and can
thank Him for all the wonderful things He has provided for you
because of His great love. In that context, things are a great
blessing, because they are a constant reminder of the goodness
and love of God.

Others tell us that "God only helps those who help themselves"
and make us think that "if it is to be, it is up to me."

No! While it is true that we must cooperate with God, mostly by 
trusting Him and resisting our enemy by standing in faith on 
God's Word, it is not true that we have only ourselves to 
depend on.

That was part of Jesus' point: God "prospers" flowers better
than Solomon could achieve -- and he was the richest man who
ever lived! God can, and will, take care of you, too. Just let
Him.

Whenever I see flowers, or whenever I think of the abundance
God has provided, it reminds me of His love, and I say, "Thank
You Lord, for flowers."

SAY THIS: Thank You Lord, for flowers!