Worship God With Your Money

PHILIPPIANS 4:18 NLT
18 At the moment I have all I need -- more than I need! I am
generously supplied with the gifts you sent me with
Epaphroditus. They are a sweet-smelling sacrifice that is
acceptable to God and pleases him.

To truly worship God we must do more than just speak words --
our actions must agree with our words.

The word "worship" is a contraction of "worth-ship." It is
something we do that demonstrates how valuable we think
something is.

We show how valuable we think God is by what we give to Him.
True worship offers our whole being to God, all we are and all
we have.

In this life we trade our time for money. So our money
represents our time -- a portion of our lives.

Giving money is one way we can tangibly express the devotion in
our hearts.

Worship is an act of reverence. In the Bible it usually has the
idea of bowing down. To worship means to highly value, adore,
or reverence. But true worship always costs something. In true
worship you always give up something: sacrifices in the Old
Testament, sovereignty in bowing down, dignity, reputation,
time, etc.

"Is God worth it?" is a worship question.

If you don't know God very well, or if you have been misled
about His character and nature, you may not think God is worth
much to you.

But when you actually get to know Him, you realize He is more
precious and valuable than everything else!

PHILIPPIANS 3:8 NLT
8 Yes, everything else is worthless when compared with the
infinite value of knowing Christ Jesus my Lord. For his sake I
have discarded everything else, counting it all as garbage, so
that I could gain Christ

How much is God worth to you?

When you are a young person interested in dating someone, do
you begrudge the time, effort, and money you spend on them? Why
do you do it? Because you think knowing them, and being with
them, is worth it. That shows worth-ship, or worship.

God is a Person. He is great beyond description in every way.
It is the greatest privilege to know Him and be loved by Him.

We cannot buy favor or love from God -- He has already given it
to us as His free gift. But we should not fail to respond to
His great love in a manner worthy of Him.

SAY THIS: I will worship God with all I have, including my
money.