Prosperity God's Way

PROVERBS 28:19 NLT
19 A hard worker has plenty of food, but a person who chases
fantasies ends up in poverty.

The world's way is to "get rich quick" by any means. God's way
is slower, but sure, and will not end up destroying you.

JEREMIAH 17:11 NET
11 The person who gathers wealth by unjust means is like the
partridge that broods over eggs but does not hatch them. Before
his life is half over he will lose his ill-gotten gains. At the
end of his life it will be clear he was a fool."

The world's idea of how to get rich is winning a lottery. Yet a
careful study of those who have won reveals that it usually
ruined their lives, instead of blessing them.

PROVERBS 28:20 NLT
20 The trustworthy person will get a rich reward, but a person
who wants quick riches will get into trouble.

PROVERBS 28:22 NLT
22 Greedy people try to get rich quick but don't realize
they're headed for poverty.

MATTHEW 6:33 NKJ
33 "But seek first the kingdom of God and His righteousness,
and all these things shall be added to you.

In explaining the Kingdom of God, Jesus said it works like a 
seed planted in the ground. The seed produces a large harvest 
of increase, but it does not happen overnight. It results from 
gradual but continuing growth.

MARK 4:30-32 NLT
30 Jesus said, "How can I describe the Kingdom of God? What
story should I use to illustrate it?
31 It is like a mustard seed planted in the ground. It is the
smallest of all seeds,
32 but it becomes the largest of all garden plants; it grows
long branches, and birds can make nests in its shade."

LUKE 16:10 NLT
10 "If you are faithful in little things, you will be faithful
in large ones. But if you are dishonest in little things, you
won't be honest with greater responsibilities.

Those who have been found faithful in handling little are
entrusted with more. God's way is not to trust you with more
than you can handle. This is because He loves you.

Premature prosperity (before someone is able to handle it) can
ruin a life. Money is not evil, but it can buy you more
opportunities to do evil.

Actually, money is morally neutral, but powerful. If the person
who has money is evil, it will likely be used to promote evil.
But if the person who has money is good, it will likely be used
for good.

Money gives you more choices, and allows you to make them
faster. In the life of someone who is not prepared to handle
great riches, it can easily bring destruction.

God's will is that every single person always have enough not
only to meet their every need, but also sufficient to share
with others. The reason this is not happening is because the
devil has stolen from us through our ignorance of God's will.

So there is no need to try to get God to prosper you. Instead,
concentrate on believing and following God's Word so you can
keep the devil from stealing from you what God has provided.
And understand that as you are faithful and diligent you will
increase and walk in greater and greater abundance.

SAY THIS: God's way of prosperity is best.