Jesus Became Poor To Make You Rich

2 CORINTHIANS 8:9 LB
9 You know how full of love and kindness our Lord Jesus was:
though he was so very rich, yet to help you he became so very
poor, so that by being poor he could make you rich.

Many Christians consider being poor the will of God. Scripture
actually gives a quite opposite picture.

Although there are many warnings in Scripture against the love
of money and its misuse, the fact remains that financial
prosperity is considered a blessing from God in the Bible.

PSALM 35:27 NKJ
27 Let them shout for joy and be glad, Who favor my righteous
cause; And let them say continually, "Let the Lord be
magnified, Who has pleasure in the prosperity of His servant."

(Certainly there are dangers in being prosperous. With more
money you can make more choices, and buy more trouble. However,
money itself is not evil. The person using money determines
whether it will be a force for good or a force for evil.)

You do not have to convince God to prosper you. No arm-twisting
will be necessary, as He has already made the provision.
Through the substitutionary sacrifice of Jesus Christ,
prosperity already belongs to you.

I can almost hear the objections: "If I am rich, where is it?
Why do I have all these debts and bills?"

The answer is simple actually. The devil has stolen it away
from us because of our ignorance.

You can reclaim it by faith, but you will have to feed on the
Word for your faith to continue strong and effective. So, to
receive the blessings available to us through Christ, we have
to draw near to God.

Some maturity is required to receive God's provision and to
keep the devil from stealing it. This insures that immature
believers will not have more money than they can handle and
thus have their lives ruined by it.

Nevertheless, according to the Bible you are rich. You may not
have ready access to it, but in Christ wealth is yours -- just
as surely as a young heir is rich even though his money is held
by trustees and he cannot have it until he matures.

SAY THIS: Jesus Christ became poor to make me rich. I am rich
in Christ Jesus.