Esteem Others Better

PHILIPPIANS 2:3 NKJ
3 Let nothing be done through selfish ambition or conceit, but
in lowliness of mind let each esteem others better than
himself.

When you start thinking you are better than other people, you
are on dangerous ground. It leads to actions opposite to divine
love.

Be on guard! The Bible warns us, and we should take heed.

Of course it's not just what we think of others that's
important, but how we treat others. However, thoughts always
precede and determine actions. So, we must guard our thoughts.

PHILIPPIANS 2:3 NET
3 . . . treat one another as more important than yourself.

Yes, every one of us is better in some way(s) than some other
person or persons. But not one of us is superior in every way
to everyone else.

Of even more importance is that we should not value a human
being by their looks, abilities or accomplishments, but by
their value to God. God is the true judge of human worth and He
thinks that person you are tempted to look down upon is
valuable enough to die for.

When you judge someone as not valuable, or judge yourself as
more valuable than they are, you are setting yourself up as a
judge with higher authority than God.

JAMES 4:6 NLT
6 But he gives us even more grace to stand against such evil
desires. As the Scriptures say, "God opposes the proud but
favors the humble."

God resists the proud!

Only a fool would want God to oppose them or resist them.
Therefore, only a fool, or an ignorant person, would want to be
proud -- which is thinking you are better than others.

1 PETER 5:5 NKJ
5 Likewise you younger people, submit yourselves to your
elders. Yes, all of you be submissive to one another, and be
clothed with humility, for "God resists the proud, But gives
grace to the humble."

What do you have that was not given to you? Did you create
yourself? So, what do you really have to boast about?

1 CORINTHIANS 4:7 NKJ
7 For who makes you differ from another? And what do you have
that you did not receive? Now if you did indeed receive it, why
do you boast as if you had not received it?

Instead of being proud, be grateful for all God has blessed you
with. And realize God has blessed you so you can also be a
blessing to others -- for they are important to God, too.

1 PETER 2:17 NLT
17 Respect everyone, and love your Christian brothers and
sisters.

SAY THIS: I will not fall into the trap of thinking I am better
than others.