Does God Hear Sinners?

JOHN 9:31 NKJ
31 "Now we know that God does not hear sinners; but if anyone
is a worshiper of God and does His will, He hears him.

This says God does not hear sinners, but the word "hear" does
not always mean just perceiving a sound. It can also include
acting on what is heard.

God surely listens to every human prayer. Jesus said He knows
the number of hairs on our head. Experts say we lose many hairs
every day, so the number is always changing. If God makes the
effort to know this about every human, surely He listens to all
we say, no matter who we are.

God must listen to sinners in order to be able to save them
when they call on Him.

It seems God is pleased when anyone truly calls on Him, whether
they are sinner or saint. At least they are turning toward God,
acknowledging His existence, and realizing they need His help.

True prayer that God responds to is always based on His Word
that He already gave us. When, in faith, we bring God His Word
as the basis of our request, God will always answer our prayer.

1 JOHN 5:14-15 NKJ
14 Now this is the confidence that we have in Him, that if we
ask anything according to His will, He hears us.
15 And if we know that He hears us, whatever we ask, we know
that we have the petitions that we have asked of Him.

We cannot expect to have prayers answered that don't line up
with God's will. However, that does not mean God does not
listen to the prayers of everyone. If God did not listen to
every prayer, how would He know which ones were in agreement
with His will?

You could say that God "ignores" (in the sense of not
answering) those who do not pray in line with God's Word. But
God truly ignores no human being. He is always willing and
ready to help everyone. But He only answers prayer that is
according to His Word.

Because the Bible teaches it is God's will to provide everyone
with every good thing, we have no need to worry about God not
answering any prayer that would be good for us.

Another thing we should remember is that part of the good news
for all who have received Jesus Christ is that He is our
righteousness (or right standing with God). So, God does not
consider us who are in Christ as sinners, (1 Corinthians 1:30,
2 Corinthians 5:21), but as His children (1 John 3:2, Galatians
3:26).

SAY THIS: God listens to all who call upon Him.