Don't Criticize Others

TITUS 3:2 NKJ
2 to speak evil of no one, to be peaceable, gentle, showing all
humility to all men.

It's easy to criticize others. But God says don't do it!

MATTHEW 7:1-2 NKJ
1 "Judge not, that you be not judged.
2 "For with what judgment you judge, you will be judged; and
with the measure you use, it will be measured back to you.

One of the biggest traps is to criticize our leaders. Since all
leaders are human, none are perfect. But it is wrong, and
counter-productive, to criticize them. It may be the "spirit of
the age" we live in, but it's not the way the Spirit of God
operates (Acts 23:5). (We can discuss policies without
personally attacking and condemning individual people.)

Those who criticize others are proud. They assume they know
what is best, and that they are qualified to judge and even
condemn others. They think they are better than those they
criticize.

ROMANS 2:1 NLT
1 You may think you can condemn such people, but you are just
as bad, and you have no excuse! When you say they are wicked
and should be punished, you are condemning yourself, for you
who judge others do these very same things.

Without God's grace and forgiveness, we would all be in
trouble!

MATTHEW 7:3 NLT
3 "And why worry about a speck in your friend's eye when you
have a log in your own?

MATTHEW 5:7 NKJ
7 Blessed are the merciful, For they shall obtain mercy.

One of the devil's most successful strategies against the
Church has been to get us to accuse one another.

Instead of accusing our brothers and sisters in Christ, we
should be praying for them. After all, we are in the same Body!

Revelation 12:10 tells us that the devil is called "the accuser
of our brethren." Always be on your guard not to join forces
with the devil and help him do his work.

We must make judgments about people in order to function in
life. We can evaluate the fruit produced by others and
therefore make proper decisions (Matthew 7:16). But we do not
have to criticize and condemn people. We can be quiet.

What if a person's behavior is harming others? We have a
responsibility when we are in a position of authority to
protect those we are responsible for. If you are in such a
position you should report such a case to those in authority
over you, in order to protect those you serve.

Otherwise, your primary duty is to pray for those you think are
not yet perfect.

When we criticize someone who belongs to Christ, we are
actually criticizing Him and His work. Better not do that!

SAY THIS: I will not criticize others.