Keep Your Body Under Control

1 CORINTHIANS 9:27 ESV
27 But I discipline my body and keep it under control, lest
after preaching to others I myself should be disqualified.

Our body is our earth vehicle. Without it, we can't operate on
earth. If our body is not kept under control, and kept in good
shape, it can become unfit for use, rendering us disqualified
from continuing on in the race set before us (Hebrews 12:1).

The Williams translation of the above verse says "may not
myself become unfit to run."

What could disqualify you from finishing your race here on
earth in complete victory? Your body becoming unfit to function
fully could certainly keep you from finishing your course.

We have a responsibility to take care of what God has given us
-- including our body. So there is no reason to mistreat our
body, or treat it as evil. We just need to make sure that we
control our body, instead of allowing our body to control us.

We cannot expect God to keep our body under control; that is
our job. We can ask the Lord to help us, but we must do it
(Romans 12:1).

It is important to notice in the Scripture above that "I" is
not the same as "my body." These bodies are what we live in on
earth. You could call them earth-suits. You need to understand
that you are not the same as your body. Your body will die, but
you will continue to live after leaving your body.

The verse above also makes it clear that if we fail to control
our bodies we will experience undesirable consequences. So if
we desire to walk in victory, we must control our bodies.

Fasting (going without food) is one way we can keep our bodies
trained to realize they are not our master.

Forcing yourself to exercise is another way of maintaining
control over your body, so that it will be in shape to continue
to serve you for a long life.

1 CORINTHIANS 6:12 GWN
12 Someone may say, "I'm allowed to do anything," but not
everything is helpful. I'm allowed to do anything, but I won't
allow anything to gain control over my life.

Of course, as with any message from God, this is not meant to
condemn you, but to inform you of what is best, and what is
possible with God's help. If you need help in this area, ask
the Lord to help you, then determine, with His help, to walk in
victory!

SAY THIS: With God's help I can, and I will, keep my body under
control.