How Many Sons Does God Have?

HEBREWS 2:10 KJV
10 For it became him, for whom are all things, and by whom are
all things, in bringing many sons unto glory, to make the
captain of their salvation perfect through sufferings.

1 JOHN 3:2 KJV
2 Beloved, now are we the sons of God, and it doth not yet
appear what we shall be: but we know that, when he shall
appear, we shall be like him; for we shall see him as he is.

At one time Jesus Christ was the "only" Son of God. But no
longer -- according to Scripture.

Now all those who receive Jesus Christ as Lord and Savior are
also sons of God.

JOHN 1:12 KJV
12 But as many as received him, to them gave he power to become
the sons of God, even to them that believe on his name:

Every one who truly receives Jesus becomes a son of God. (But
just like human babies, we don't start out fully developed or
mature.)

(This has nothing to do with human gender. Female humans have
the same status with God as male humans, and we are all called
"sons of God.")

GALATIANS 3:28 KJV
28 There is neither Jew nor Greek, there is neither bond nor
free, there is neither male nor female: for ye are all one in
Christ Jesus.

Jesus is the firstborn -- the first, and the most important --
of MANY brethren.

ROMANS 8:29 KJV
29 For whom he did foreknow, he also did predestinate to be
conformed to the image of his Son, that he might be the
firstborn among many brethren.

God's plan is a family plan. He is raising MANY sons. We may be
new-born babies or toddlers, but we are still sons.

It may sound a little strange to hear that God has many sons.
In a quest to correctly honor Jesus, theologians have stressed
so much that Jesus is the only-begotten Son of God that it is
difficult for us to accept what Scripture plainly says: that
now, since the great redemption accomplished by our wonderful
Lord Jesus Christ, He is no longer the only son of God.

None of us will ever take the place of Jesus, and be Lord of
all. And it is true that without Him we are nothing. But we are
not without Him. He has made possible for us to have the great
privilege to also be sons of God.

SAY THIS: Today God has many sons, and I am one of them.