My Faithful God

2 TIMOTHY 2:13 NLT
13 If we are unfaithful, he remains faithful, for he cannot
deny who he is.

I have walked with God for over 40 years. I can tell you, from
experience, that God is faithful!

I have failed Him many times, but He has never failed me!

God has always taken care of me. He has stuck with me through
all kinds of things, always helping me. Even when I was not
trying to follow Him, I can see that He was protecting me and
helping me.

I have not been a perfect person. I have made many mistakes. I
have wasted a lot of time and money. I have done a lot of wrong
things. But God has never failed to be perfect!

Even now as I write this my eyes are filled with tears, because
of the astounding faithfulness of God!

To think that the perfect Almighty God would love me and care
for me so faithfully -- one so unworthy -- is beyond
comprehension. (I must add that the precious blood of Jesus has
made me -- and you -- worthy in God's sight, but it was nothing
we did to deserve God's love and grace. It was a pure gift!)

DEUTERONOMY 7:9 NLT
9 Understand, therefore, that the LORD your God is indeed God.
He is the faithful God who keeps his covenant for a thousand
generations and lavishes his unfailing love on those who love
him and obey his commands.

God is so good!

PSALM 36:5 NLT
5 Your unfailing love, O LORD, is as vast as the heavens; your
faithfulness reaches beyond the clouds.

The wonderful thing is that God loves you just as much as He
does me. Somehow He is big enough and capable enough to care
for all of us who trust in Him. He wants to be more than your
God, to also be your Friend and Helper -- your Heavenly Father.

1 CORINTHIANS 1:9 ESV
9 God is faithful, by whom you were called into the fellowship
of his Son, Jesus Christ our Lord.

I beg you, for your own good, trust in Jesus Christ completely.
Turn your life over to Him. Believe His Word! Walk with Him. It
is the way of true abundant life!

SAY THIS: God is always and forever faithful!