Speak To The Problem

MATTHEW 17:20 NKJ
20 So Jesus said to them, . . . if you have faith as a mustard
seed, you will say to this mountain, 'Move from here to there,'
and it will move; and nothing will be impossible for you.

While I won't question that what Jesus said is literally true,
I think the primary lesson He meant for us to understand is
that a mountain is anything standing in our way -- which we
would call a problem.

Lots of people speak to God about their problems. But not many
people speak to their problems and tell them to be gone.

It's not wrong to discuss things with God. But that is not all
we should do. Jesus spoke to problems and He instructed us to
speak to things we want removed from our lives.

LUKE 17:6 ESV
6 And the Lord said, "If you had faith like a grain of mustard
seed, you could say to this mulberry tree, 'Be uprooted and
planted in the sea,' and it would obey you.

You may think it's strange to speak to things. But God created
this world and He knows how everything is designed to work. So
when Jesus tells us to speak to our problems, we should realize
that He knows how things operate.

The reason it seems strange to us is that we have not known the
ways of God.

God loves us even when we don't follow His instructions. But we
cannot expect good results in our life when we refuse to follow
God's instructions.

Whatever problem you face, speak to it and tell it what you
want it to do. "Be gone." "I refuse to allow you." "Get out of
my life."

MATTHEW 18:18 CEV
18 I promise you that God in heaven will allow whatever you
allow on earth, but he will not allow anything you don't allow.

As a child of God in union with Jesus Christ you have authority
over every work of the enemy and everything that would harm you
(Luke 10:19). Because you have been given authority, you have
to use it.

You are supposed to choose what you allow in your life. (In
fact you do choose, whether you realize it or not.) But most of
us, out of ignorance, thought our only choice was to just
accept whatever happened. We didn't know any better. But now we
are learning. So we can make new choices, and see better
results.

SAY THIS: I will speak directly to problems and tell them what
to do because God gave me authority in my life through Jesus
Christ.