Tell The Truth

EPHESIANS 4:25 NLT
25 So stop telling lies. Let us tell our neighbors the truth,
for we are all parts of the same body.

People lie because of fear of loss or pain. They are afraid if
they always tell the truth, things might go badly for them.

So people lie to try to obtain a better result for themselves.
But lies can take you only so far. Truth always prevails in the
end. So a lie that was done in an attempt to help you, will
always end up eventually hurting you instead.

Some might argue that sometimes lies are used to avoid hurting
other's feelings. Like when someone asks, "Do I look old or
fat?" and you tell them "No!" because you want them to feel
good about themselves. But actually you don't want them to
think badly of you for telling them the truth.

I would never suggest that you say anything to put anyone down
and make them feel bad. But you don't have to respond directly
to that type of question, either.

Instead you could answer with something like, "You are a
wonderful person and I love you."

One thing we need to learn is that we are not obligated to
answer every time we are asked a question. Jesus did not!
(Matthew 27:14 for example.) There are times when it is best to
simply say nothing.

As Christians, we may lament how politicians and government
leaders seem to have problems with telling the truth. But we
cannot condemn them without condemning ourselves, if we are
also guilty of sometimes not telling the truth.

We need a revival of truth in our culture. As Christians we
should be people who mean what we say and can be depended on to
tell the truth. We are supposed to be a light to the world
around us, setting a good example.

PSALM 15:4 CEB
4 someone who despises those who act wickedly, but who honors
those who honor the LORD; someone who keeps their promise even
when it hurts;

We should always keep our word, if it is at all possible. Even
if it costs us everything we have. If we do find ourselves in a
situation where it is impossible to keep our promise, then we
should apologize to those we have let down.

JOHN 16:13 CEB
13 However, when the Spirit of Truth comes, he will guide you
in all truth. He won't speak on his own, but will say whatever
he hears and will proclaim to you what is to come.

The Spirit of Truth lives in us, so we should be known for our
truthfulness. People should be saying, "You can depend on them.
If they say something, you can count on it being true!"

There should be a clear difference between the children of
light and the children of darkness, the children of God and the
children of the devil.

JOHN 8:44 NLT
44 For you are the children of your father the devil, and you
love to do the evil things he does. He was a murderer from the
beginning. He has always hated the truth, because there is no
truth in him. When he lies, it is consistent with his
character; for he is a liar and the father of lies.

Never forget that the devil is the father of lies.

While a lie may tempt with the promise of improving things,
remember that the devil's work results in stealing, killing,
and destruction (John 10:10).

(Some Bible examples seem to indicate that an unselfish lie to
stop evil people from killing an innocent victim is not treated
as a sin. Rahab protecting the Israelite spies (Joshua 2:5),
and the midwives not killing the Israelite baby boys in Egypt
(Exodus 1:15-21) are examples of this. These are extreme and
very rare occurrences, and should not be used as an excuse for
lesser situations.)

SAY THIS: I will tell the truth, or keep quiet.