God Is Perfect

PSALM 18:30 NIV
30 As for God, his way is perfect; the word of the LORD is
flawless. He is a shield for all who take refuge in him.

Have you ever wondered what God is really like? I can tell you.
He is perfect!

If you want to get a clear picture of what God is really like,
just stop and imagine someone who is perfect.

1 JOHN 1:5 NIV
5 This is the message we have heard from him and declare to
you: God is light; in him there is no darkness at all.

God is light, pure light; there's not a trace of darkness in him.

Perfect love describes God. He is someone who never has, and
never will, do one selfish, self-centered, self-serving act
that would harm anyone else.

1 JOHN 4:8 NIV
8 Whoever does not love does not know God, because God is love.

God is a perfect expression of love. So 1 Corinthians 13
describes what God is like.

1 CORINTHIANS 13:4-7 NIV
4 Love is patient, love is kind. It does not envy, it does not
boast, it is not proud.
5 It is not rude, it is not self-seeking, it is not easily
angered, it keeps no record of wrongs.
6 Love does not delight in evil but rejoices with the truth.
7 It always protects, always trusts, always hopes, always
perseveres.

Just imagine a perfect God -- and that is what God is. This is
why the Kingdom of God is good news. Because He is the perfect
King, the perfect ruler. Imagine having someone in charge who
is perfect in every way. Someone who does what is best for
everyone, never acting selfishly.

Everything God does is a perfect expression of unselfish love
for others -- for all those He has created.

DEUTERONOMY 32:3-4 NIV
3 I will proclaim the name of the LORD. Oh, praise the
greatness of our God!
4 He is the Rock, his works are perfect, and all his ways are
just. A faithful God who does no wrong, upright and just is he.

Every good thing we have or enjoy is because of God and His
love.

Our lives and this world are not now perfect, because mankind
has turned away from God and rejected Him and His loving ways.
We fell for a lie, and turned against God. Only as we all turn
back to God will things turn back to perfection.

God is perfect and we are not yet perfect. (But because of His
grace, we will be eventually.) That is why we need to trust Him
and follow His instructions, instead of trusting in our own
ability and knowledge.

God is not trying to get people to obey Him because He is
insecure and needs to be worshipped. God is trying to get you
to do what is best. God's way is perfect. Why go any other way?

SAY THIS: There is nothing wrong with God. He is perfect!