Inexpressible Joy

1 PETER 1:8 ESV
8 Though you have not seen him, you love him. Though you do not
now see him, you believe in him and rejoice with joy that is
inexpressible and filled with glory,

Being a Christian believer is not supposed to be a burden but a
delight. You are supposed to enjoy your salvation.

Our enemy, through his lies, tries to give us a different
picture.

This does not mean we will never face tests or trials, but
the promise of God is that we can have peace and joy even when
we face trouble, because the Lord is with us and taking care of
us.

JOHN 16:33 ESV
33 I have said these things to you, that in me you may have
peace. In the world you will have tribulation. But take heart;
I have overcome the world."

Joy is an important part of God's provision for your life to be
what it should be.  Just as God has provided air for you to
breathe, God has provided joy for you. Joy should be the
atmosphere in which you live.

ROMANS 14:17 ESV
17 For the kingdom of God is not a matter of eating and
drinking but of righteousness and peace and joy in the Holy
Spirit.

In God's kingdom, joy is present. God's kingdom is wherever He
is allowed to rule. So if God rules in our life we should be
carriers of joy.

This will not happen if you focus on your circumstances. It
requires that you look at all Jesus has done and is doing. We
must focus on Jesus to keep from having our joy stolen from us.

Our spirits have the joy of the Lord. But we must choose to
rejoice and allow the joy that is in us to flow out. The choice
is ours.

JOHN 16:24 ESV
24 Until now you have asked nothing in my name. Ask, and you
will receive, that your joy may be full.

The joy of the Lord is given to us by His grace. It is not
something we earn or achieve. But, like everything we receive
by God's grace, it must be received by faith. That means we
must choose to actively receive it -- to take it.

ROMANS 5:2 ESV
2 Through him we have also obtained access by faith into this
grace in which we stand, and we rejoice in hope of the glory of
God.

Instead of allowing our human feelings and circumstances to
rule us, we should choose to rejoice in the Lord. Then we will
experience His joy flowing.

We must choose to rejoice -- to let joy flow from our lips in
worship

JOHN 15:11 NLT
11 I have told you these things so that you will be filled with
my joy. Yes, your joy will overflow!

The Word of God has been given to us so that we may have the
joy of the Lord. God's Word (the Bible) was not given to put
you into bondage, but to make you free (John 8:31-32).

Life is not meant to be a constant struggle, but a joy. If this
does not describe your life, then you are missing out on the
full provision God has made for you.

SAY THIS: I have the joy of the Lord! I am full of joy! Joy is
flowing in my life. I live in joy!